The image display apparatus is provided with a dot matrix of light emitting      devices, driver circuitry, and switching circuitry. The dot matrix is a      plurality of light emitting devices arranged in an in-line by n-column      matrix, and one terminal of each light emitting device in each line is      connected to a common source line. Driver circuitry controls light      emitting devices active or inactive depending on an input illumination      signal. In the active state, switching circuitry floats common source      lines, and in the inactive state, discharges all common source lines to      ground. 
A pulse width modulation apparatus includes a load circuit, a signal      switch, a shunt switch, and a resistor. The signal switch isolates the      load circuit from a voltage source along a signal path. The shunt switch      is connected to the signal path at a point between the signal switch and      the load circuit. The shunt switch isolates the signal path from a ground      voltage. A resistor is connected in series between the signal switch and      the shunt switch. 
A power supply for a television apparatus comprises a source of energizing      potential (5.2V) fed to first and second control transistors (Q26403,      Q26404). The first control transistor outputs a first source, while the      second control transistor outputs a second source. The two control      transistors are controlled by a feedback type voltage regulator (U26404)      so that the sources track each other. The feedback voltage regulator is      controlled by the second source. A storage capacitor (C26466) is coupled      to the first source through an isolating resistor (R26462). 
An electrical power distribution system includes permanent magnet      generator, and an ac regulator. The ac regulator includes an inverter      shunt-connected to the permanent magnet generator, and an inverter control      for causing the inverter to regulate voltage at output terminals of the      generator by providing reactive power (either leading or lagging) that      circulates between the inverter and the generator. 
A device for increasing an extreme low voltage from a heat to electrical      voltage thermopile is shown. The device has an oscillator including two      MOSFET transistors coupled to a transformer having four bifilar windings      wound on a core having a high permeability. The two transistors operate      alternately to generate an intermediate voltage which is increased in      magnitude by a voltage doubling and rectifying circuit to obtain the      substantially constant operating output voltage. The output voltage is      further maintain constant by a current control cirucit including an      adjustable potentiometer adjustable to vary the current. 
A system and method for managing a vehicle s electrical power consumption      are disclosed. The vehicle has a plurality of electrical components. The      electrical components have varying power requirements. The system of the      present invention includes a first battery for supplying power to at least      one of the plurality of electrical components and a second battery for      supplying power to at least one other of the plurality of electrical      components. Further, an isolator is provided for electrically isolating      the first battery from the second battery. A power supply for supplying a      regulated supply of electrical power and a power distributor in      communication with at least one of the first and second batteries for      selectively providing electrical power to the plurality of electrical      components are also provided. Finally, the system has a processor in      communication with the power supply and the power distribution box, the      processor is configured to execute source code for managing the vehicle s      electrical power consumption. 
A battery assembly comprises at least two electrochemical cell modules      (1-i) connected in series and each comprising at least one electrochemical      cell (2), associated with a protection device comprising as many primary      protection blocks (5-i) as there are electrochemical cell modules (1-i),      each block (5-i) being connected in parallel with a respective one of the      electrochemical cell modules (1-i) and comprising at least one 1S type      electronic protection circuit (6) and a diode (7) connected in parallel      with the 1S circuit and upstream therefrom relative to the current flow      direction. 
A battery charger includes line-level input rectification, a high-frequency      oscillator-controlled chopper circuit, multiple transformers operating in      parallel, and controlled output rectification. Use of line-level input      rectification reorders the elements of the battery charger compared to      previous designs. A chopper frequency several orders of magnitude higher      than that of the AC power mains is used. The use of multiple,      parallel-wired transformers for voltage and current transformation eases      constraints on the physical geometry of a manufactured battery charger      product by permitting individual transformers, each smaller than a      comparable single transformer, to be employed. Controlled output      rectifiers permit power levels to be regulated dynamically. 
In controlling a motor in a device which drives a mechanism using the motor      as a power source, in executing driving, an ideal profile of the driving      is generated in accordance with a target position and a preset initial      parameter, driving of the motor is controlled in accordance with the      profile, the value of the initial parameter is evaluated at the end of      driving, and the value of the initial parameter is changed in accordance      with the evaluation result. High-speed accurate position control can be      achieved independently of the characteristic of an individual motor to be      used. 
An electric motor such as a driving source of an electric vehicle is      controlled by the microcomputer 7. The microcomputer 7 calculates a target      torque Req_trq according to a throttle opening degree .alpha., and      outputting induction values (a current instruction value I and a angle      instruction value .theta.) obtained referring to a map MP based on the      target torque Req_trq (a motor rotational number Nm and a battery voltage      Vb), the microcomputer 7 performs a torque control of an SR motor 3. The      motor rotational number Nm detected from the SR motor 3 is passed through      a band pass filter 51. Passing by the band pass filter 51, a signal data      of the extracted 0.1-50 Hz is executed a PD calculation process 52, the      calculated corrected amount PD_out is subtracted from the target torque      Req_trq. 
A reference signal generation unit integrates a staircase signal, to      produce reference signal VCTA whose waveform has no abrupt changes in      level and which shows a current limit value. A PWM reference signal      generation unit generates a PWM reference signal. A supply current      measurement unit measures a supply current to a coil. A PWM control unit      compares reference signal VCTA with the measurement value of the supply      current measurement unit in each period of the PWM reference signal, and      sets each transistor in a bridge rectification circuit in a conducting      state or a nonconducting state according to the comparison result. In this      way, the supply current to the coil is controlled to approach the current      limit value shown by reference signal VCTA. 
To provide a novel driving method for driving an electronic device by using      digital gray scale and time gray scale in combination, which secures high      duty ratio, which can display an image normally even when a sustain period      is shorter than an address period, and which is hardly affected by dulled      signal waveform. In a sub-frame period (102) where a sustain period is      shorter than an address period, a clear period (105) is squeezed in      between completion of a sustain period (104) and start of an address      period of the subsequent sub-frame period. The length of the sustain      period (104) thus can be set without being limited by the length of an      address period (103). This non-display period is provided by changing the      electric potential of a storage capacitor line. Therefore, unlike the case      where the non-display period is provided by changing the electric      potential of a cathode wiring, the present invention is hardly affected by      dulled signal waveform. 
A plug and play electric machine interfaces with a plug and play      controller. A memory device stores configuration parameters for operating      an electric machine that are accessed by the plug and play controller. A      plug and play connector connects to the plug and play controller. A sensor      monitors a property of the electric machine. A sensor connector      communicates with the sensor and the plug and play controller. The      configuration parameters are transmitted to the plug and play controller      during a power-up sequence of the electric machine. The plug and play      electric machine connects to different plug and play controllers. A power      connector is associated with the electric machine and communicates with a      power driver included in the plug and play controller. The plug and play      connector, sensor connector, and power connector form an integrated      connector. The plug and play controller updates the configuration      parameters based on feedback from the sensor. 
Under electric control of a motor by a CPU, before the rotation angle of a      rotary knob reaches a predetermined angle (20.degree., 40.degree.,      60.degree., . . . 360.degree.), a torque in the same direction as a      rotational direction is provided from the motor to the rotary knob, and      the torque is decreased from a maximum value to zero. When the rotation      angle of the rotary knob reaches a predetermined angle, a torque product      is provided to the rotary knob depending upon an angular velocity of the      rotary knob. After the rotation angle of the rotary knob exceeds a      predetermined rotation angle, a torque in the reverse direction to a      rotational direction is provided to the rotary knob, and the torque is      increased from zero to a maximum value. 
A control unit for an electrically retractable door mirror includes a motor      to drive rotationally a door mirror to a stored position or a normal      position, a change-over switch, and first and second control circuits. The      first and second control circuits include electronic switches respectively      that are capable of switching on/off depending on the polarity of an      electrical signal switched by the change-over switch. Excess current      detecting devices, whose electrical resistances grow with an increase in a      current, are connected to the electronic switches in series respectively.      And, shutoff switches switch off the electronic switches respectively when      a voltage generated in the excess current detecting devices exceeds a      predetermined value. 
A serially connected double-phase full-wave brushless dc motor includes a      first drive member, a second drive member, a first sensor member, a second      sensor member, a first motor coil and a second motor coil. The first drive      member is connected to a power source to thereby obtain a first voltage,      and connected to the first sensor member and the first motor coil. The      first drive member is further in serial connection with a second drive      member and a second sensor member, and provides with a second voltage      thereto. The second drive member is connected to the second sensor member      and the second motor coil. Hall signals of the first and second sensor      members are in control of an alternative direction of the first and second      motor coils for conduction, and thereby the first and second motor coils      are synchronously excited in full wave by the first and second voltages      respectively. 
Energization stages are formed by first and second sensor groups and a      torque constant is defined for each of the stages. A target current value      is computationally determined so as to drive a motor under control. As a      torque command showing a target torque of the motor is input to the      controller, the target current value is computationally determined for      each stage according to a torque constant map, which provides a table of      torque constants for different phases and different stages. The rotor      angle of the motor is detected by Hall sensors and the current stage is      computationally determined on the basis of the detected rotor angle. Then,      a target current value is defined as a function of the target torque for      each stage on the basis of the current stage and the motor is driven by      the driver under PID control based on the target current value. 
A method of detecting a rotor condition of a dc motor is provided. The      motor 14 is part of a motor control circuit 10 having a free-wheeling      diode 20 in parallel with the motor 14. The method establishes a threshold      voltage for back emf voltage evaluation. The motor is energized to operate      at a certain speed. Current is cut-off to the motor via a switch 16 for a      time sufficient for current through the free-wheeling diode to decay to      zero. The back emf voltage detected at leads of the motor is then compared      via a comparator 21 to the threshold voltage. 
An electric power steering apparatus for applying an assisting steering      force to a steering mechanism of a vehicle by driving an electric motor      according to a steering operation includes: an electric current command      value calculation unit which calculates an electric current command value;      a drive control unit which controls the drive of the electric motor based      on the electric current command value; and a convergence control unit      which determines a damping compensation value so that a quantity of      steering operation is converged to a neutral point. The convergence      control unit includes: a compensation electric current setting unit      determines a basic damping compensation electric current value      corresponding to the correction value of the target value, and a      compensation electric current adjusting unit which adjusts the basic      damping compensation electric current value based on the steering torque      and the quantity of the steering operation, thereby calculating the      damping compensation value. 
An electromotor can be selectively actuated for operation in both      rotational directions. In the condition of the electromotor not energized      with current, respectively one rotational direction of the electromotor is      blocked and one rotational direction remains movable in a free-running      manner. The circuit includes first and second diodes forward-connected      from ground to first and second motor terminals, a respective change-over      switch connecting each motor terminal selectively to power or ground, and      a free-run blocking switch interposed preferably between one of the motor      terminals and its associated change-over switch. 
An electric power steering apparatus includes a steering torque detector, a      brushless motor PWM-driven with a three-phase alternating motor current, a      target current setting section for setting a d-axis target current value      and a q-axis target current value, motor current detectors for detecting      motor current values supplied to the brushless motor, a three-phase AC/d-q      coordinate transformation circuit, a first deviation calculation circuit      for calculating a deviation of a current value of a q-axis detection      signal from the q-axis target current value, a second deviation      calculation circuit for calculating a deviation of a direct current value      a d-axis detection current signal from the d-axis target current, a motor      control section for controlling driving of the brushless motor through a      vector control process on the basis of deviation signals outputted from      the first and second deviation calculation circuits, and an attenuation      device provided in a feedback transmission path of the q-axis detection      current signal for attenuating a high frequency noise mixed in the q-axis      detection current signal. 
A motor controller implements alternately a feedback control for d axis      current and a feedback control for q axis current using an estimate value      of a rotor angle in different control cycles. Then, the motor controller      calculates a sine reference value which corresponds to a sine value of an      angle which is twice a phase difference between an actual value and an      estimate value of a rotor angle and a cosine reference value which      corresponds to a cosine value of the angle which is twice the phase      difference based on variations of the d axis actual current and q axis      actual current and levels of d axis voltage and q axis voltage in a      control cycle in which feedback controls are implemented for d axis      current and q axis current and detects a rotor angle using the sine      reference value and the cosine reference value so calculated. 

The present invention relates to an uniformly active light emitting diode      drive circuit. This invention provides a 3T1C circuit structure in the      emitting pixel and an additional data capacitors connecting to all the      pixels are picked out and located on one side of the display panel. In      addition, the connecting lines to the OLED on every pixel are all      collected to one end of a transistor Moc on the other side of the display      panel. Through the arrangement, it is intended that the aperture ratio of      the organic electroluminescent (OLED) device can be largely improved.      Moreover, an additional by-pass current transistor in parallel with data      capacitor (Cd) in a data generator region outside of the pixel array can      by-pass the previous left current in the circuit and thus enhance the      contrast ratio of the emitting pixel. 
A brushless, synchronous direct current motor is operated by supplying a      direct current voltage as an input voltage for commutating the motor phase      windings. The speed of the synchronous motor is modified or varied in two      speed ranges. In the first speed range, a linear change of the input      voltage is carried out up to a speed threshold value. In the second speed      range with higher speeds than in the first speed range, a vector      modification of the input voltage is carried out, for example for      controlling the speed of a fan motor. 
A method of controlling an electronically commutated DC motor having a      multiphase stator winding which has an even number m of winding phases      which are each connected in series with a controllable semiconductor      switch, parallel to one another, in which in a lower power output range of      the DC motor the semiconductor switches are cycled using a pulse control      factor which is predefinable as a function of the rpm within the      consecutive periods when the individual winding phases are energized. To      reduce the maximum power losses in the semiconductor switches, a setpoint      pulse control factor required for a setpoint rpm is achieved within a      selected setting range of the pulse control factor by alternatingly      setting a comparatively greater pulse control factor and a comparatively      lower pulse control factor, and the setting of the two pulse control      factors is varied over time so that a voltage setting the setpoint rpm is      set across the stator winding on the average over time. 
A method for controlling and protecting electric motors, specially      permanent magnet motors electronically actuated by a control system. The      system includes a three-phase inverting bridge, in which the position of      the rotor can be monitored by using a position detector physically      attached to the axle or through the tension induced in the coils by the      magnet, in order to correctly control actuation by the control system. The      present invention is also directed to a system for controlling electric      motors and an electric motor system. The system includes continuously      reading the position detector until a minimum expected time has passed.      After the minimum expected time has passed, there is continuous reading of      the position detector until a maximum expected time has passed to detect      if a position change of the rotor is sensed. 
An electric vehicle includes a drive-motor driving device and a      compressor-driving device for air-conditioning. Both of these driving      devices share a smoothing capacitor and a radiator. The drive-motor      driving devices, the compressor-driving device, and the smoothing      capacitor are disposed in a shielding case against electromagnetic wave,      so that the electric circuit of the vehicle can be downsized and      light-weighted. 
In a power feeding apparatus, current flowing through the discharge lamp is      controlled not to exceed a current limit value. Until the discharge status      changes to the arc discharge, the current limit value is a first current      limit value, and after that, the current limit value changes to the second      current limit value. The first current limit value is 70% of the second      current limit value or less, and further, for 0.2 ms or greater, the first      current limit value is maintained after the discharge status changes to      the arc discharge. 
A unique drive circuit for a fluorescent lamp, as well as a housing for      such lamp and drive circuit, designed for mineral museum displays, are      disclosed herein. The drive circuit comprises a ballast subcircuit, a      separate filament transformer subcircuit for pre-heating the lamp      cathodes, and a relay between the subcircuits. The separate filament      transformer subcircuit obviates the need for a conventional starter      circuit for the fluorescent lamp. This way of pre-heating the cathodes      prolongs the useful life of the lamp by making it possible for the lamp to      undergo thousands of on-off cycles without the heretofore usual      deterioration of the cathodes. The relay prevents the high voltage of the      ballast from hitting the lamp cathodes before the cathodes have been      pre-heated by the transformer subcircuit. Also disclosed is a method for      using such a lamp, drive circuit, and housing to irradiate fluorescent      minerals in a display case. 
To provide a light emitting element having a top emission structure, which      can be easily manufactured without considering an ionization potential of      an electrode (particularly an electrode in contact with a substrate) and a      manufacturing method therefor. A light emitting device having the top      emission structure according to the present invention includes: a first      electrode (101) formed of general-purpose metal (specifically, a wiring      material such as Ti or Al) having a light-shielding property or      reflectivity; a conductive polymer layer (102) formed by applying a      conductive polymer material onto the first electrode (101); an      electroluminescence film (103) formed in contact with the conductive      polymer layer (102); and a light-transmissive second electrode (104)      formed on the electroluminescence film 103, in which the conductive      polymer layer (102) is formed of materials including a redox polymer etc.,      while being free of problems regarding work function (as shown in FIG.      1A). 
Methods of operating field emission displays are disclosed. In one      embodiment, a method for operating a field emission display includes      applying a voltage to an extraction grid with respect to an emitter in      proximity to the extraction grid to extract electrons from the emitter,      regulating a supply of electrons from the emitter in response to a control      signal, and accelerating the electrons from the emitter towards a      faceplate with an accelerating voltage that also reverse biases a      semiconductor diode extending from a baseplate that includes the      extraction grid and the emitter to the faceplate. 
An electronic ballast of a lighting system includes an output power      supplier and a heater power supplier. The output power supplier is      configured to supply electric power to a lamp of the lighting system. The      heater power supplier is configured to provide substantially a rated      voltage of a heater of an insulation detector to the heater even though a      voltage of an electric power source for the lighting system is different      from the rated voltage of the heater. 
A plasma processing apparatus provided with a holding stage of a system in      which a temperature of an electrode block is controlled so as to control      the temperature of a semiconductor wafer. The electrode block is provided      with at least first and second independent temperature controllers on      inner and outer sides thereof, and a slit for suppressing heat transfer is      provided in the electrode block between the first and second temperature      controllers. 
A frequency monitoring circuit supplies a signal for selecting a sequence      data set to a sequence data storage circuit when a frequency of a vertical      synchronization signal which is input through an input terminal is higher      than a predetermined frequency, in order to generate a shortened sub field      sequence by a sequence generator circuit. The sequence generator circuit      reads the sequence data set, which is allowed to be read by the sequence      generator circuit based on the signal supplied, from the frequency      monitoring circuit from the sequence data storage circuit. The sequence      generator circuit generates a drive sequence based on the read sequence      data set. The sequence generator circuit supplies the generated drive      sequence to a data selector circuit and a drive circuit to drive a plasma      display panel properly. 
Methods for improving the stability of RF power delivery to a plasma load      are disclosed. The method includes adding an RF resistor and/or a power      attenuator at one of many specific locations in the RF power system to      lower the impedance derivatives while keeping the matching circuit      substantially in tune with the RF transmission line. 
A persistent ionization plasma generator is described that forms a plasma      in a cavity that persists for a time after termination of the exciting RF      electric field. The plasma generator includes a RF cavity that is in fluid      communication with a source of ionizing gas. The RF cavity can be at      substantially atmospheric pressure. An RF power source that generates an      RF electric field is electromagnetically coupled to the RF cavity. An      ultraviolet light source is positioned in optical communication to the      cavity. An antenna is positioned within the cavity adjacent to the      ultraviolet light source. A chamber for confining the plasma can be      positioned in the cavity around the antenna. 
Half-bridge circuit, especially for connection of an electric motor in a      vehicle, with a low side circuit element (1) with a control input (3, G1),      a high side circuit element (2) with a control input (6, G2), in which the      low side circuit element (1) and the high side circuit element (2) are      connected in series between the voltage terminal and a ground terminal and      an output (OUT) to control an electrical load is arranged between the high      side circuit element and the low side circuit element, implemented      according to the invention by integration in an integrated circuit. 
A depressed collector for recovery of spent beam energy from      electromagnetic sources emitting sheet or large aspect ration annular      electron beams operating aver a broad range of beam voltages and currents.      The collector incorporates a trap for capturing and preventing the return      of reflected and secondary electrons. 
The present invention relates to plasma display panel and manufacturing      method thereof to simplify the manufacturing steps and reduce cost of      production. In the present invention, a black layer formed between a      transparent electrode and a bus electrode is formed together with a black      matrix at the same time. In this case, the black layer is formed together      with the black matrix in one. Cheap nonconductive oxide is used as a black      powder of a black layer. Specifically, in case the black layer and the      black matrix are formed in one, the bus electrode is shifted to a      non-discharge area to improve the brightness of the plasma display panel. 
A plasma display includes first and second transparent substrates disposed      facing each other, a plurality of partitions formed between the first and      second transparent substrates, a phosphor formed on inner surfaces of      discharge cells defined by the partitions, a stepped buffering layer      formed on the first transparent substrate between a one-end portions of      the partitions, and a plurality of address electrodes formed on the first      transparent substrate between the partitions and on the stepped buffering      layer. A thickness of the stepped buffering layer is gradually increased      in a longitudinal direction of the partition. 
A discharge electrode structure of a plasma display panel is described. The      discharge electrode structure includes a plurality of expanding electrodes      or expanding portions that each one has a symmetric structure. The      expanding electrodes are alternately coupled to a pair of conductive      electrodes that are on the edge of a plurality of luminant cells in one      row. Therefore, oblique symmetric electrodes are disposed at opposite      corner location of each luminant cell. 
A plasma display includes a display panel and a driving circuit for driving      the display panel. A space for at least one color, of spaces between      barrier ribs for defining discharge spaces for red, green and blue colors      of the display panel is different from the spaces for other colors. 
A full color three electrode surface discharge type plasma display device      that has fine image elements and is large and has a bright display. The      three primary color luminescent areas are arranged in the extending      direction of the display electrode pairs in a successive manner and an      image element is composed by the three unit luminescent areas defined by      these three luminescent areas and address electrodes intersecting these      three luminescent areas. Further, phosphors are coated not only on a      substrate but also on the side walls of the barriers and on address      electrodes. The manufacturing processes and operation methods of the above      constructions are also disclosed. 
An ultra-high pressure mercury lamp in which both devitrification and also      breakage of the discharge vessel can be eliminated. In the ultra-high      pressure mercury lamp, there is a pair of opposed electrodes in a fused      silica glass discharge vessel filled at least 0.15 mg/mm.sup.3 mercury,      and an alkali metal concentration in the area from the inside surface of      this discharge vessel to a depth of 4 microns that is at most 10 wt. ppm. 
There are provided an electron source apparatus capable of suppressing      variations in electron emission state from electron-emitting devices even      with an arrangement using spacers (9), and an image forming apparatus      using the electron source apparatus. A plurality of row-direction wiring      lines (8) and a plurality of column-direction wiring lines (6) are formed      on a substrate (1) so as to cross each other. An electron-emitting device      made up of device electrodes (2, 3), a conductive film (4), and an      electron-emitting portion 5 is formed at each intersection between the      row-direction wiring line (8) and the column-direction wiring line (6).      The spacers (9) are arranged on some of the row-direction wiring lines      (8). The column-direction wiring lines (6) are respectively connected to      controlled constant current sources (221a, 221b, 221c) serving as current      sources capable of outputting desired current values. The respective      row-direction wiring lines (8) are connected to a voltage application      means constituted by a voltage source (223) and a switching circuit (222)      for selecting the row-direction wiring lines (8) while sequentially      scanning them. 
In a method for manufacturing an electron tube including a front substrate      and a back substrate, a wiring and an electrode are formed on the front      substrate and/or the back substrate. A component is mounted on the front      substrate and/or the back substrate. A ring-less getter is mounted on at      least one of the front substrate, the back substrate and the component. A      vessel is assembled and sealed so that the front substrate faces the back      substrate. A light is irradiated on the ring-less getter from outside of      the sealed vessel, thereby activating the ring-less getter. 
An electroluminescent device (51) comprises a partitioning relief pattern      having overhanging sections (13) for partitioning an electrode layer of      the electroluminescent device (51) into a plurality of independently      addressable electrode segments (11a, 11b, 11d). The overhanging section      (13) is bent at predetermined positions (13b, 13c, 13d, 13e). The bends      thus formed are rounded and/or beveled in order to reduce the risk that      electrode segments (11a, 11b, 11d) are inadvertently connected via a      second electrode layer segment present on top of the overhanging section      (13). 
Disclosed is a full color flat display panel by using an organic      electro-luminescent(EL) device, a manufacturing method thereof and a      driving circuit of the organic EL device, in particular, which includes      first, second and third pixels, a plurality of first electrodes, and a      plurality of second electrodes perpendicularly intersecting the first      electrodes, in which each of the first, second and third light emitting      pixels is arranged in each of intersecting positions of the first and      second electrodes. Light emitting pixels are arranged to have different      areas according to luminous efficiency so that a red light emitting area      with relatively poorer efficiency is sized larger than a blue or green      light emitting area thereby manufacturing an efficient full color organic      EL display panel. Also, the influence from the line resistance in the      anode lines and the cathode lines is reduced when a constant current is      introduced into the device structured of the RGB array in order to realize      the white light as full color. Thus, the voltage loss on the line      resistance is prevented and the area ratio of the device is adjusted to      make each of the RGB pixels for generating the white light have the      similar value of drive voltage thereby minimizing power loss. 
A light emitting device having an anode and a cathode provided on a      substrate, and an organic light emitting layer between the anode and the      cathode, where the organic light emitting layer includes a light emitting      material and a dopant for improving the dispersibility thereof. As the      dopant, there are employed a light emitting compound and a non-light      emitting compound or a current enhancing material. In case of employing      the light emitting compound, the composition corresponds to a case of      utilizing plural light emitting materials, and, in such case, the light      emission wavelengths are preferably mutually closer. Also, evaporation of      the light emitting material and the dopant in the same evaporation boat      makes it possible to reduce evaporation temperature, thereby improving the      dispersability of the light emitting material. 
The light emitting device includes a light emitting portion having a larger      refraction index than air, and a medium which is provided on a light      extraction surface extracting light from the light emitting portion and      which has different haze ratios depending on a light incident angle,      wherein a haze ratio is defined as follows: The light emitting device improves the light extraction efficiency from the      light emitting device. 
The present invention discloses a simple, low cost method to fabricate      light emitting source using luminescent colloid nanoparticles. It uses      monodispersed colloid light emitting nanoparticles of oxides,      semiconductors, and polymers to fabricate high quality, narrow bandwidth      light emitting source. The colloid particles can be dispersed      homogeneously in liquid that can be coated easily on a substrate using a      simple coating method such as spray, dip coating or spin coating. There is      no restriction on the size or shape of the substrate. Therefore, a low      cost, large area, high efficiency and reproducible light emitting source      can be made easily. 
This invention provides a conductive aluminum film and method of forming      the same, wherein a non-conductive impurity is incorporated into the      aluminum film. In one embodiment, the introduction of nitrogen creates an      aluminum nitride subphase which pins down hillocks in the aluminum film to      maintain a substantially smooth surface. The film remains substantially      hillock-free even after subsequent thermal processing. The aluminum      nitride subphase causes only a nominal increase in resistivity      (resistivities remain below about 12 .mu..OMEGA.-cm), thereby making the      film suitable as an electrically conductive layer for integrated circuit      or display devices. 
A field emission display device (1) includes a cathode plate (20), a      resistive buffer (30) in contact with the cathode plate, a plurality of      electron emitters (40) formed on the buffer, and an anode plate (50)      spaced from the electron emitters. Each electron emitter includes a      rod-shaped first part (401) and a conical second part (402). The buffer      and first parts are made from silicon nitride. The combined buffer and      first parts has a gradient distribution of electrical resistivity such      that highest electrical resistivity is nearest the cathode plate and      lowest electrical resistivity is nearest the anode plate. The second parts      are made from niobium. When emitting voltage is applied between the      cathode and anode plates, electrons emitted from the electron emitters      traverse an interspace region and are received by the anode plate. Because      of the gradient distribution of electrical resistivity, only a very low      emitting voltage is needed. 
The invention relates to a low-pressure discharge lamp, having a tubular      discharge vessel made from glass, the free ends of which are closed off in      a gas tight manner, two electrode systems (3) each having a filament (7),      two supply conductors (5, 6) and a bead (8) of glass, the ends of the      supply conductors (5, 6) being fused into the ends of the discharge vessel      which have been closed off in a gas tight manner and, in order to be held      in a region between the filament (7) and the discharge vessel fused seal      (2), into the bead (8), and a device for switching off the lamp at the end      of its service life, comprising a paste (9) which contains a metal hydride      and is fitted to the bead (8). According to the invention, the bead (8)      consists of a glass material which has a resistivity of greater 10.sup.8      .OMEGA.cm at 350.degree. C. Moreover, the paste (9) containing the metal      hydride is applied to the bead (8) in the radiation shadow with respect to      the thermal radiation which emanates from the filament (7) of the lamp in      operation, and is not in electrical contact with the supply conductor      wires (5, 6) on the bead (8). 
An organic EL panel has a cover glass as one of the components thereof. In      the organic EL panel, more specifically, the cover glass, an anode, a      luminescent organic layer, a cathode, a sealant, and a sealing substrate      are disposed, in that order in the downward direction, to form a      transparent panel. 
With the present invention, there is provided a driving method that      favorably drives an electron source, which is driven in a passive matrix      manner, without being affected by a disturbance. There is also provided an      image-forming apparatus that uses this electron source. An anode electrode      having a constant potential is arranged over a plurality of      electron-emitting devices including gate electrodes and cathode      electrodes. During passive matrix driving of the electron source where the      amount of electrons to be emitted is adjusted by modulating potentials      between the cathode electrodes and the gate electrodes, a predetermined      time difference is maintained between the driving of signal lines in a      group and the driving of signal lines in another group during the driving      of signal lines divided into N groups after selection of scanning lines.      If a scanning line capacity is referred to as C and a scanning line      resistance is referred to as R, this time difference is set so as to be      equal to or more than CR (approximately equal to CR). 
The invention provides a deflection yoke comprising: a funnel-shaped core      (ii) being made of a magnetic material, (iii) having, on its inner wall,      ridges each of which starts from the narrower end and extends toward the      wider end for a part of the length of the core, the ridges being arranged      circumferentially at intervals and thereby forming core slots, and (iv) in      which the remaining inner wall near the wider end is smooth; a first      deflection coil wound as partially guided by the core slots; second      deflection coil positioned more inward than the first deflection coil; and      an insulating frame that (i) is sandwiched between the first and second      deflection coils, and (ii) has, in an area corresponding to the core s      smooth area, guiding slots extending along the CRT axis direction and      being arranged circumferentially, wherein the second deflection coil is      wound as partially guided by the guiding slots. 
A flat-panel display with fixtures in its sidewalls to enable support by      lateral mounting members is disclosed. The advantage of this approach, in      which the fixtures are essentially rotated around to the sides of the      flat-panel display, is the reduction in the portion of the portable      computer s top cover that is not the active display. In practice, this      results in an increase in the size of the display that may be housed in      the same-sized top cover. In order to accommodate the lateral mounting of      the flat-panel display, metal brackets are used. These brackets extend      from the base unit hinges and cradle the display. This adds torsional      rigidity, but also removes the requirement that the back must be      structural. Further reductions in the inactive portions of the top cover      may be achieved by extending the ends of the display s fluorescent      back-light beyond or through the metal rim that surrounds the display. 
A chromate film-containing plug metal component which is a metal component      for a spark plug or a glow plug, wherein: the metal component has a      surface, at least part of the surface being coated with a chromate film      comprising at least 95% by weight of trivalent chrome based on 100% by      weight of a total chrome content in the chromate film; and the chromate      film comprises dye particles. 
Stage devices are disclosed having especial utility in certain types of      microlithography systems. The stage devices impart controlled motion to a      stage or platform without generating fluctuating electromagnetic fields.      The stage devices include stage-actuators that do not rely on      electromagnetics for operation. Multiple stage-actuators achieve motion of      a slider relative to a guide bar. Each stage-actuator includes at least      two actuator-portions that collectively provide an inchworm walking      manner of motion of the slider relative to the guide bar. Each      actuator-portion includes a respective pressure-application member. The      pressure-application members are selectively actuated so as to engage a      respective guide bar in a coordinated manner that serves to push the      slider along the guide bar. Each actuator-portion includes a respective      first piezoelectric element that urges the respective pressure-application      member against the guide bar and retracts the pressure-application member      from the guide bar, and a respective second piezoelectric element that      moves the respective pressure-application member in the longitudinal      direction of the guide bar. 
IDT electrodes are formed by a Cu alloy. When the wavelength of a SAW      propagating in the direction of the X axis of a piezoelectric substrate is      indicated by .lambda., and when the thickness of the IDT electrodes is      indicated by H, the standardized thickness H/.lambda. of the IDT      electrodes ranges from 0.045 to 0.070, and the piezoelectric substrate is      a rotated Y-cut LiTaO.sub.3 substrate whose rotational cut angle .theta.      from the Y axis to the Z axis around the X axis ranges from 52.0.degree.      to 58.0.degree.. With this arrangement, the reflection coefficient S11      becomes 0.88 or higher. 
A gyroscope comprising: a proof mass; a frame supporting the proof mass; a      connection arrangement connecting the proof mass and the frame, the      connection arrangement having a first stiffness in a first direction and a      second stiffness in a second direction substantially perpendicular to the      first direction, one of the stiffness being significantly greater than the      other stiffness; and a pair of elements adapted to sense relatively motion      therebetween in either the first or the second direction. Also disclosed      is a gyroscope comprising: a proof mass; a frame supporting the proof mass      and connected to only one edge thereof by a connection arrangement      extending between the proof mass and the frame in a first direction, the      connection arrangement having a first stiffness in the first direction and      a second stiffness in a second direction substantially perpendicular to      the first direction, the first stiffness being significantly greater than      the second stiffness; and a pair of elements adapted to sense relative      motion therebetween in the first direction. 
A rotary electric machine for being mounted on an internal combustion      engine of a vehicle or the like. The rotary electric machine includes a      rotation shaft rotatably supported by a bracket; a rotor fixed to the      rotation shaft; a stator which has a stator core disposed opposite to the      outer periphery of the rotor and a stator winding mounted onto the stator      core, and which is supported by the bracket; and a pulley engaged with an      end of the rotation shaft to rotate integrally with the rotation shaft.      The pulley and the rotation shaft are mutually engaged to form an      engagement portion. The engagement portion includes a regulation means for      regulating-sliding movement between the rotation shaft and the pulley in      their peripheral direction. 
To improve winding speed and productivity of a rotating machine by      providing curved edges on corner portions of tongues of an insulation cap      body. In an insulation cap structure for the rotating machine, corner      portions of tongues of an insulation cap body disposed in a stator core or      a rotor core is formed so as to have curved edges, and a locus of a needle      at the time of winding is close to a circle rather than a rectangle of      prior art, whereby winding speed can be increased. 
A motor vehicle has road wheels driven by a direct current motor that has a      brush installed therein. A system for detecting abrasion of the brush      comprises a clutch arranged between the road wheel and the direct current      motor. The clutch is of a wet type so that in ON condition thereof, drive      and driven members thereof are engaged with each other causing      transmission of a torque of the motor to the road wheel and in OFF      condition thereof, the drive and driven members thereof are disengaged      from each other permitting a certain but small transmission of a torque of      the road wheels toward the motor due to a viscosity possessed by oil in      the clutch. A rotation speed sensor is provided that detects a rotation      speed of the motor. A control unit is provided that issues a brush      abrasion representing signal based on the rotation speed of the motor      detected under OFF condition of the clutch. 
A brush holder (100) for carrying a brush (102) and for providing      adjustment of the brush relative to the commutator (104) of a      dynamoelectric machine (105). The brush holder provides for adjustment of      the gap (110) between the commutator and the brush, and for adjustment of      the brush in the axial direction along the commutator. The brush holder      also locks the brush at the desired position for operation in the      dynamoelectric machine. 
Systems and methods are disclosed for displaying data on a head s-up      display screen. Multiple forms of data can be selectively displayed on a      semi-transparent screen mounted in the user s normal field of view. The      screen can either be mounted on the user s head, or mounted on a moveable      implement and positioned in front of the user. A user interface is      displayed on the screen including a moveable cursor and a menu of computer      control icons. An eye-tracking system is mounted proximate the user and is      employed to control movement of the cursor. By moving and focusing his or      her eyes on a specific icon, the user controls the cursor to move to      select the icon. When an icon is selected, a command computer is      controlled to acquire and display data on the screen. The data is      typically superimposed over the user s normal field of view. 
A low-friction and low-vibration rectifying structure including an      electrode-segment forming member of a stator which has two electrode      segments disposed therein. An annular stator-side groove is formed in the      electrode-segment forming member with two electrode segments. Three      commutator segments are disposed in a commutator-segment forming member of      a rotor. An annular rotor-side groove is formed in the commutator-segment      forming member with the three commutator segments. A conductor ball and an      insulator ball are arranged inside of the stator-side groove and the      rotor-side groove. 
The stator includes core back iron cores disposed on outer circumferential      sides between a plurality of teeth iron cores disposed at regular      intervals of a predetermined distance in a predetermined circumferential      direction. A stator winding is disposed on inner circumferential sides      between the plurality of teeth iron cores. The stator winding is      constituted by a plurality of wire bundles each of which is a bundle of a      predetermined number of electric wires and which are connected in parallel      with one another. The wire bundles are set so that the number of electric      wires constituting a wire bundle located on the inner circumferential side      between adjacent teeth iron cores is smaller than the number of electric      wires constituting a wire bundle located on the outer circumferential      side. Hence, the ratio (L/A) of the circumferential length L of each wire      bundle to the sectional area A thereof is set at a value in a      predetermined allowable range. 
A DC motor apparatus includes a motor housing assembly which includes an      outer liquid-tight coolant chamber and an inner, armature-reception      chamber portion. Pairs of permanent magnet stator magnet modules are      housed within the liquid-tight coolant chamber, and shunt members are      housed within the liquid-tight coolant chamber between the stator magnet      modules. An armature is centrally located in the inner, armature-reception      chamber portion. The armature includes at least one pair of armature pole      portions which are wound with same-directional windings. A commutator is      connected to the armature, and the commutator includes commutator      contacts. An adjustable brush advance/retard mechanism includes roller      brushes for contacting the commutator contacts. A liquid cooling system      includes a coolant pump and a coolant fluid radiator for circulating      liquid coolant through the liquid-tight coolant chamber for cooling the      stator magnet modules and the shunt members. 
In a permanent magnet type rotating electric machine comprising a stator of      which concentratedly wound armature windings are disposed in a plurality      of slots formed in a stator core so as to surround teeth and a rotor      accommodating permanent magnets in a plurality of permanent magnet      insertion holes formed in a rotor core, a part of outer circumferential      faces of slots is formed to extend substantially in parallel with a part      of inner circumferential faces of the teeth, thereby, a permanent magnet      type rotating electric machine with limited noises can be realized. 
A flux ring for a motor of a power tool has an annular housing which fits      inside the motor can of the motor. At least one magnet is on the ring. The      at least one magnet includes a portion formed from an isotropic magnetic      material and a portion formed from an anisotropic magnetic material.      Preferably, the isotropic magnetic materials is sandwiched by the      anisotropic magnetic material. The magnets being molded onto the flux ring      in a two shot process. 
A rotational control apparatus includes a first rotatable assembly and a      second rotatable assembly. The first assembly is rotatably mounted to a      first support mount. The second assembly is rotatably mounted to the first      assembly and is axially moveable relative to the first assembly. The first      and second assemblies have respective coaxial surfaces adjacent to and      spaced from one another and further have respective axial surfaces that      frictionally engage one another when the second assembly is in a first      axial position and disengage when the second assembly is in a second axial      position. The second assembly is capable of rotation independent of the      first assembly when the second assembly is in the second axial position.      The rotational control apparatus includes an eddy current drive comprised      of a first eddy current coupling assembly associated with the coaxial      surface of the first assembly and a second eddy current coupling assembly      associated with the coaxial surface of the second assembly, the second      eddy current coupling assembly adjacent the first eddy current coupling      assembly with an air gap therebetween. 
A fluid dynamic bearing motor is provided comprising a base, a counter      plate fixed to the base, a stationary sleeve fixed to the base and      supported on the counter plate, a rotating shaft axially disposed through      the sleeve, and a fluid dynamic bearing disposed between the shaft and the      sleeve and between a free end of the shaft and a first surface of the      counter plate, wherein at least one of the free end of the shaft and the      first surface of the counter plate comprises a single spiral-shaped groove      formed thereon. 
To provide a bearing assembly having an electric power generating      capability, that can be assembled compact in size and easily incorporated      in a drive transmission system of an internal combustion engine, the      bearing assembly having an electric power generating capability includes a      rolling bearing 1 including an outer race 7 and an inner race 6 rotatable      relative to the outer race 7, and an electric power generator 2 interposed      between the inner and outer races 6 and 7 for generating an electric power      by a rotation of the inner race 6 relative to the outer race 7. This      bearing assembly may be used as a bearing in the drive transmission system      of the internal combustion engine for rotatably supporting, for example, a      crankshaft 4. 
The invention relates to an electromotor comprising a housing (5) which      consists of a ferromagnetic material and a rotationally driven shaft (13)      which is located in said housing (5). Said housing comprises at least one      bearing shield (25), with a bearing (31) for the shaft (13). The bearing      (31) has sensor means (33) for determining the state of rotation of the      shaft (13). According to the invention, the bearing (31) is accommodated      in a screening bushing (35) which is located in a bearing receiving      opening (29) of the bearing shield (25) and which consists of a      non-ferromagnetic material. A cover bushing (37) consisting of      ferromagnetic material which is connected to the bearing shield (25) and      which surrounds the shaft (13) is provided, and surrounds the bearing (31)      and the screening bushing (35) on the inside of the housing. 
A low-profile stepping motor comprises: an upper twin-stator yoke plate      composed of first and second upper stator yokes; a lower twin-stator yoke      plate composed of first and second lower stator yokes; first and second      coil units fixedly sandwiched between the upper and lower stator yoke      plates so as to be arranged horizontally flush with each other; and a      rotor assembly including a cylindrical magnet and disposed between the      first and second coil units. In the stepping motor, one of the upper and      lower twin-stator yoke plates is structured such that one half of its pole      teeth partitioned in half by a predetermined datum line and open spaces      each residing between two adjacent pole teeth of the other half are      positioned symmetrically about the predetermined datum line, whereby the      one twin-stator yoke plate can be used in common to the other twin-stator      yoke plate. 
A circuit and method serves as a slave interface to support both register      read/write and monitor detection operations by a graphics controller chip,      or other display data source, with a plurality of display devices. The      circuit supports differing monitor detection protocols including, for      example, I.sup.2 C protocol and non-DDC type protocols. The circuit may be      set in two modes, a register mode and a bypass mode. The register mode is      used to facilitate standard I.sup.2 C protocol to a display device.      Display detection bypass circuitry is used to selectively bypass the      register based display detector interface by connecting input pins to any      two of a plurality of I/O pins so that the system may be used for monitor      detection of a plurality of different display devices, such as CRTs and      LCDs to facilitate multiprotocol display detection. 
An electrical rotating apparatus is provided that has variable impedance.      This is achieved by connecting one of the polyphase components of the      apparatus in a mesh connection. The spanning value, L, of such a mesh      connection may be varied by changing the harmonic content supplied by an      inverter component. Also provided is a method for connecting an inverter      to a motor, wherein a switching arrangement permits the simple alteration      between various mesh connections of different span value, changing thereby      the Volts/Hertz ratio of the motor. 
A stator for use in a two rotor single stator type electric motor includes      a stator core including a plurality of stator teeth that are      circumferentially arranged around a common axis leaving a plurality of      identical spaces each being defined between adjacent two of the stator      teeth. Each stator tooth includes a plurality of flat magnetic steel      plates that are aligned along the common axis. A plurality of coils are      put around the stator teeth respectively. Bolts extend through identical      spaces of the stator core for combining the flat magnetic steel plates to      have a fixed structure of the stator core. A molded plastic fills the      identical spaces of the stator core. A plurality of elongate plate bars      extend in the identical spaces through the molded plastic respectively.      Each elongate plate bar extends in parallel with the common axis and is      constructed of a magnetic material that has an electric resistance higher      than the bolts. 
In a reciprocating motor capable of securing a stability of a motor by      improving a strength of a magnet frame, preventing breakage of the magnet      frame in operation of the motor and preventing an inner stator from      rotating and separating from a support frame, the reciprocating motor      includes an inner stator locker installed between the inner stator and the      support frame and preventing the inner stator from separating from the      support frame and a magnet frame having plural support bars formed at      regular intervals so as to form a space portion in which the magnet is      installed in the circumference direction. 
A motor structure for a reciprocating compressor, by which an power      lowering of the motor can be prevented by installing a magnet to be      eccentric toward a direction compressing a fluid to compensate a backward      moved amount of the magnet by compression pressure during operating the      compressor and a motor saturation can be prevented, comprises: an outer      core of cylindrical shape fixed inside a sealed chamber and including a      winding coil wound therein; an inner core disposed on an inner      circumferential surface of the outer core with a predetermined gap for      forming a flux with the outer core when an electric source is applied to      the winding coil; and a magnet disposed between the outer core and the      inner core so as to move linearly for making a piston to perform a linear      reciprocating movement, wherein an initial mid position of the magnet is      located to be eccentric as a predetermined distance from a mid position of      the outer core and of the inner core toward a moving direction of the      piston when a fluid is compressed. 
An integrated circuit for sampling outputs representing a pixel value      comprises two first variable capacitors each having a variable range of      capacitance and each for receiving the voltage representing the pixel      value; two first transistors respectively connected electrically to each      of the first variable capacitors for transferring the voltage to each of      the variable capacitors; and a second transistor connected electrically to      each of the first variable capacitors for transferring the voltage from      each of the first variable capacitors. 
A device and a method for generating intense and brief variations of      magnetic pressure, predetermined and controlled, capable of being      isentropic inside a sample (23) of solid material. An electromagnetic cell      (1) includes a flat parallel line of conductive material having two      branches (4, 5) in the form of planar plates, of similar shapes and      dimensions, separated from each other by a distance of not more than 3 mm,      one of which (4) bears the sample (23) rigidly fixed on the branch (4),      the two branches (4, 5) being electrically connected to each other by an      end junction strip (7), and electrically connected, opposite the end      junction strip, to elements (2, 3) generating electric current pulses so      as to produce in less than 500 ns an electric current flowing in the      electronic cell (1). 
In an embodiment of the invention it is possible to create an operating      unit (11) with a rotary toggle (14), which has an integrated bearing      device (15) with which the operating unit (11) can be magnetically fixed      to a cover (12). The operating unit (11) has a control means (23) with a      microprocessor for evaluating magnetic signalling means (19), which detect      a rotation of the rotary toggle (14) relative to the bearing device (15).      Through a first transformer (26) in the operating unit (11) and a second      transformer (29) on the underside of the cover (12), it is possible to      have both a signal transmission and a power transmission between the      operating unit (11) and the electrical appliance. 
The present invention relates to a control circuit for a switching power      supply device that is adapted to drive two or more loads and can quickly      eliminate a voltage difference occurring between the two or more loads.      The control circuit for a switching power supply device has an output      terminal that is to be connected to a power supply terminal of a first      load by a first wiring and a power supply terminal of a second load by a      second wiring. The control circuit comprises a first control loop for      stabilizing an output voltage appearing at the output terminal and a      second control loop for eliminating a difference between a first voltage      appearing at the first wiring in a vicinity of the power supply terminal      of the first load and a second voltage appearing at the second wiring in a      vicinity of the power supply terminal of the second load. 
A power control assembly limits the amount of leakage current absorbed by a      device (30) supported on a vehicle when the device is in a sleep mode. The      described example includes a switch (40) between a vehicle power source      (54) and a power supply (50, 52) for the peripheral device. A locking      portion (44) controls operation of the switch (40) so that selected      portions of the device (30) are isolated from the vehicle power source      (34) when the device (30) is in a sleep mode. A wake up signal received by      a communication bus transceiver (32) activates the switch locking portion      (44), which in turn allows the isolating switch (40) to be electrically      closed and kept in the closed condition until the controller (54) of the      device determines that the device should enter the sleep mode. 
A wind energy capturing device for moving vehicles including a wind turbine      powered electrical power generator for installation on the roof of a      moving vehicle such as a truck cab or tractor. The invention takes      advantage of the powerful wind force generated by the vehicle moving on      the road at moderate to high speed impinging against the wind deflector      mounted on the truck cab or tractor. This otherwise wasted wind energy      is captured and directed to the face area of the rotor blade, rotating the      turbine, which, in turn, drives the generator to generate electricity. The      electrical energy may be stored in a battery system and used to drive the      motors of an electric vehicle or hybrid-electric vehicle. 
A mobile telecommunication unit (20) provides two-way remote viewing of      images and real time audio. The self-contained, portable unit (20)      communicates directly with a similar unit at a remote location across POTS      lines, cellular, ISDN, T-1, and satellite communication links. The unit      (20) includes mass storage for archiving images. Input devices (25) for      each unit include a digital camera (36) through a PCMCIA card, electronic      stethoscope, telephone handset, speakerphone, external microphone, and      serial and parallel ports. The output devices include a full color screen      (22) for viewing local and received images and a speaker for audio output.      A hard copy of images can be made by a video printer or desktop printer      (42). Images can be uploaded to a PC. 
A control system for a cogeneration unit, the cogeneration unit including a      heat engine and an alternator, driven by the heat engine, which generates      AC electricity for an electrical load. The control system includes a      parameter sensing means for sensing one or more parameters, and providing      a sensed parameter value for each sensed parameter. For each sensed      parameter, a comparator means compares the sensed parameter value with a      respective desired value and provides an error signal according to the      difference between the sensed parameter value and the desired value. One      or more controlling means use the one or more of the error signals to      provide a plurality of control signals, such that each control signal is      able to regulate one or more of the controlling characteristics of the      alternator and a temperature of a body heated using energy from the      cogeneration unit. 
A starter for an internal combustion engine has a resistance ratio r.sub.M      /r.sub.B equal to or less than 0.4, when r.sub.M represents a motor      internal resistance and r.sub.B represents a battery internal resistance.      Furthermore, the starter has a size ratio L/D equal to or less than 1.0,      when L represents an axial length of the armature and D represents an      outer diameter of the armature. Furthermore, a means for suppressing      temperature rise is provided for the starter. 
A starter-generator for an aircraft engine comprises a variable      dynamoelectric machine alternatively operable as a motor or as a      generator, having a rotor. A support motor is coupled to the variable      dynamoelectric machine to assist the machine. A torque converter      selectively couples and decouples the rotor to the engine, coupling the      rotor to the engine at some point when the dynamoelectric machine is      operated as a motor. The engine may be started by the dynamoelectric      machine when operated as a motor through a first power train including the      torque converter and may drive the dynamoelectric machine as a generator      through a second power train. 
A starter-generator for an aircraft engine comprises a dynamoelectric      machine alternatively operable as a motor or as a generator, having a      rotor. A support motor is coupled to the dynamoelectric machine to assist      the machine. A torque converter selectively couples and decouples the      rotor to the engine, coupling the rotor to the engine at some point when      dynamoelectric machine is operated as a motor. A constant speed      transmission has an input adapted to be connected to the engine and an      output to be connected to the rotor. The unit provides a desired speed      relation between input and output. The engine may be started by the      dynamoelectric machine when operated as a motor through a first power      train including the torque converter and may drive the dynamoelectric      machine as a generator through a second power train including the constant      speed transmission. 
Gate electrodes (3) are formed on a semiconductor substrate (1), each with      a gate insulating film (2) interposed therebetween. A pair of offset      spacers (4) are respectively formed on opposite side faces of each of the      gate insulating film (2) and the gate electrodes (3). Diffusion layers (5)      are formed in the semiconductor substrate (1) on opposite sides of a      portion of the semiconductor substrate (1) immediately under each of the      gate electrodes (3), by ion implantation. While the gate electrodes (3)      have various configurations such as a gate electrode having a rectangular      section, an upwardly tapered gate electrode and a downwardly tapered gate      electrode, respective configurations of the offset spacers (4) are      adjusted so that lengths each obtained by adding the gate length of the      gate electrode (3), which gate length extends on an interface between the      gate insulating film (2) and the gate electrode (3), to a width of the      pair of the offset spacers (4), which width extends on an interface      between the offset spacers (4) and the semiconductor substrate (1), are      substantially uniform. 
In one embodiment, circuit device (15) is placed within an opening of a      conductive layer (10) which is then partially encapsulated with an      encapsulant (24) so that the active surface of the circuit device (15) is      coplanar with the conductive layer (10). In this embodiment, at least a      portion of the conductive layer (10) may be used as a reference voltage      plane (e.g. a ground plane). In one embodiment, circuit device (115) is      placed on a conductive layer (100) such that an active surface of circuit      device (115) is between conductive layer (100) and an opposite surface of      circuit device (115). In this embodiment, conductive layer (100) has at      least one opening (128) to expose the active surface of circuit device      (115). The encapsulant (24, 126, 326) may be electrically conductive for      some embodiments, and electrically non-conductive for other embodiments. 
The semiconductor device includes an input/output circuit, a functional      module, an electrostatic discharge protection circuit and bumps. The      input/output circuit is formed close to an edge of the semiconductor chip.      The functional module is formed on the semiconductor chip located on a      central side with regard to the input/output circuit. The electrostatic      discharge protection circuit is formed in the functional module of the      semiconductor chip and serves to protect a circuit located in a downstream      thereof, from being destructed by electrostatic discharge. The bumps are      arranged on one of major surfaces of the semiconductor chip located close      to the functional module, and they are connected to the functional module      via the electrostatic discharge protection circuit. 
An integrated circuit wafer element and an improved method for bonding the      same to produce a stacked integrated circuit. Plugs that extend from one      surface of the wafer into the wafer are used to provide vertical      connections and to bond the wafers together. A stacked integrated circuit      is constructed by bonding the front side of a new wafer to a wafer in the      stack and then thinning the backside of the new wafer to a thickness that      leaves a portion of the plugs extending above the surface of the backside      of the thinned wafer. The elevated plug ends can then be used to bond      another wafer by bonding to pads on the front side of that wafer. The      mating bonding pads can include depressed regions that mate to the      elevated plug ends. 
A semiconductor chip of rewiring layer-integral type capable of preventing      a maloperation by noise and a deterioration of communication      characteristics and a semiconductor device with excellent communication      characteristics; the semiconductor chip, wherein a rewiring layer (3) is      formed on a circuit formed surface (1a) through an insulating layer (2) so      as to form an antenna coil (4) with the rewiring layer (3), the antenna      coil (4) is formed around the periphery of an analog circuit (21) on the      circuit formed surface (1a) by avoiding forming on the analog circuit      (21), the analog circuit (21) may be formed by collecting analog circuits      to be formed in the semiconductor chip (1A) therein, may be one of the      particularly noise-susceptible analog circuits such as a power circuit, a      calculation amplifier, a comparison amplifier, an RF receiving part, an RF      transmitting part, an RF synthesizer part, and a voltage build-up circuit      and an amplifying circuit forming a part of a memory part, or may be a      coil provided in a part of the analog circuit formed in the semiconductor      chip (1A). 
A semiconductor device has a first insulating film deposited over a      semiconductor substrate, an interconnect opening portion formed in the      first insulating film, an interconnect disposed in the interconnect      opening portion, and a second insulating film formed over the first      insulating film and the interconnect. The interconnect has a first      conductor film, a second conductor film formed via the first conductor      film and comprised of one of titanium silicon nitride, tantalum silicon      nitride, tantalum nitride and titanium nitride, a third conductor film      formed via the first and second conductor films and comprised of a      material having good adhesion with copper; and a fourth conductor film      formed via the first, second and third conductor conductor film having a      copper as a main component. Thus, it is possible to improve adhesion      between a conductor film composed mainly of copper and another conductor      film having a copper-diffusion barrier function in the interconnect. 
