A chemical amplification, positive resist composition is provided      comprising (A) a photoacid generator and (B) a resin which changes its      solubility in an alkali developer under the action of acid and has      substituents of the formula: C.sub.6 H.sub.11 --(CH.sub.2).sub.n      OCH(CH.sub.2 CH.sub.3)-- wherein C.sub.6 H.sub.11 is cyclohexyl and n=0 or      1. The composition has many advantages including improved focal latitude,      improved resolution, minimized line width variation or shape degradation      even on long-term PED, minimized defect left after coating, development      and stripping, and improved pattern profile after development and is      suited for microfabrication by any lithography, especially deep UV      lithography. 
A composition for an anti-reflective layer capable of simultaneously being      developed together with a photoresist layer after exposure of the      photoresist layer in a photolithography process and a method for forming      patterns in a semiconductor device using the composition, wherein the      anti-reflective light absorbing layer composition includes a polymer      having a (meth)acrylate repeating unit, a light-absorbing group of      diazoquinones chemically bound to the (meth)acrylate repeating unit, a      photoacid generator, a cross-linker which thermally cross-links the      polymer and is decomposed from the polymer by an acid, and a catalyst for      the cross-linking reaction of the polymer. The method for forming patterns      in a semiconductor device involves forming an anti-reflective layer on a      semiconductor substrate using the composition and simultaneously exposing      the anti-reflective layer and a photoresist layer, thereby chemically      transforming the anti-reflective layer so it is able to be developed. The      anti-reflective layer and the photoresist layer are simultaneously      developed. 
A photopolymerizable composition that is cured with visible light or an      infrared laser and is used as a recording layer in a negative planographic      printing plate precursor. The photopolymerizable composition is cured by      exposure and includes (A) a polymerizable compound that is solid at      25.degree. C. and has at least one radical-polymerizable ethylenically      unsaturated double bond in a molecule, (B) a radical polymerization      initiator, (C) a binder polymer and, as required, (D) a compound      generating heat by infrared exposure. 
A continuous crushing method including at least feeding a toner block into      a crusher through a screw feeder thereof having a crushing capacity while      cyclically increasing and decreasing a feeding amount of the toner block;      and crushing the toner block to prepare a toner, in which the feeding      amount of the toner block in the increasing cycle is larger than the      crushing capacity. 
A magnetic device which is highly durable, reliable, and safe without being      damaged when a magnetic filed is applied. The magnetic device includes a      cooling device having a cold head refrigerated by an effect of a cryogenic      refrigerator, a magnetic field generation device configured to apply a      non-stationary magnetic field on a magnetic body, and a cold head      extension portion configured to thermally connect the magnetic body and      the cold head. The cold head extension portion includes at least two      members, one a low resistance member and the other a high resistance      member having different resistivities. With this device, the eddy current      generated in the cold head extension portion and the electromagnetic force      produced in the cold head by the cold head extension portion are reduced. 
A toner for developing an electrostatic image, a process for producing the      same, a developer for developing an electrostatic image and a process for      forming an image are disclosed. The toner contains a resin, a colorant and      a releasing agent, in which the toner has protrusions having a height of      about from 0.05 to 2 .mu.m, a part of the protrusions encompasses the      releasing agent, and a proportion of elements derived from the releasing      agent is about 10% by atom or less based on elements on a surface of the      toner that is quantitatively determined by X-ray photoelectron      spectroscopy. 
A non-magnetic mono-component toner of the present invention comprises, at      least, a plurality of mother particles and a plurality of CCA particles      adhering to the mother particles. The non-magnetic mono-component toner      satisfies a.times.d&lt;2.5, wherein a is the inclination of an      approximation straight line of the CCA particles adhering to the mother      particles, obtained by approximating distribution of particle diameter of      the CCA particles relative to the particle diameter of the mother      particles by the least-square method, and d (.mu.m) is the volume-based      mean particle diameter of the toner. Therefore, the charge on one particle      of the non-magnetic mono-component toner can be efficiently reduced,      thereby allowing lower developing voltage and achieving reduction in      developing hysteresis. 
A black toner comprises a binder resin and black composite particles having      an average particle diameter of 0.005 to 0.30 .mu.m, and comprising:      extender pigments as core particles; a gluing agent-coating layer formed      on surface of the respective core particles; and a black pigment coat      uniformly formed on the gluing agent-coating layer in an amount of 1 to      500 parts by weight based on 100 parts by weight of the extender pigments.      Such a black toner using black composite particles having not only      excellent blackness, fluidity and light resistance, but also an excellent      dispersibility in binder resins, which toner also exhibits excellent      blackness, fluidity and light resistance. 
A new method is provided for the creation of a dummy pattern. A typical      wafer exposure mask contains a Clear Out Window (CLWD) pattern, this CLWD      pattern is of no value during the process of shielding the area on the      surface of the wafer where the alignment mark must be placed. This CLWD      can therefore be used to create a dummy overlay pattern, resulting in a      reduction in the wafer scaling error that typically occurs as a result of      metal deposition. For the same reasons, a dummy overlay pattern can also      be created in the scribe lines of the wafer surface. 
Auxiliary openings are assigned to openings on a mask to be transferred to      a wafer. These auxiliary openings have a phase-shifting property,      preferably between 160.degree. and 200.degree. with respect to the      openings, and a cross section lying below the limiting dimension for the      printing of the projection apparatus, so that the auxiliary openings      themselves are not printed onto the wafer. However, the auxiliary openings      do enhance the contrast of the aerial image, in particular of an      associated, isolated or semi-isolated opening on the wafer. The auxiliary      openings may have a distance from the opening that lies above the      resolution limit of the projection apparatus but that is less than the      coherence length of the light used for the projection. A phase-related      utilization of the optical proximity effect results, which can produce      elliptical structures from square openings on the mask when the auxiliary      openings are disposed in the preferential direction. 
A method for producing a graytone mask capable of satisfying a dimensional      accuracy of a predetermined graytone pattern, on a graytone mask having,      at least in a part, a predetermined graytone pattern. Suppressed to .+-.1%      or less an on-plane distribution in thickness of a resist film to be      applied onto a substrate in a graytone mask producing process. 
A new method of provided for the creation of a rim-type phase-shift mask.      Layers of phase shifter material, chrome and an etch resist mask having an      opening having a first width are created. The layer of chrome is etched,      the etch resist mask is removed. The layer of MoSiON is isotropically      etched using the patterned and etched layer of chrome as a mask, partially      removing the layer of MoSiON from under the chrome mask. A second layer of      etch resist is deposited over the surface of the chrome mask, into the      opening created through the layer of chrome and further over the surface      of the rim of the mask. The second etch resist layer is exposed and      developed, whereby the patterned and etched layer of chrome serves as a      mask, thereby shielding from exposure and therefore leaving in place the      second layer of etch resist where this second layer of photoresist      overlies the rim of the phase shift mask. The remaining second layer of      photoresist forms a protective layer for the layer of MoSiON. The quartz      substrate is etched in accordance with the first width of the opening      created through the second layer of etch resist, the second layer of etch      resist is removed from above the rim surface areas of the phase shift      mask. The patterned and etched layer of chrome is removed. 
A process for fabricating a mask, including depositing a membrane layer on      a substrate, etching a backside of the substrate to form membrane windows,      depositing at least one scattering layer on the membrane layer depositing      a mask layer on the at least one scattering layer exposing the mask layer      corresponding to membrane windows to reveal pattern areas, transferring      the pattern areas in the mask layer to the at least one scattering layer,      transferring at least one of the pattern areas in the at least scattering      layer to the membrane layer to produce a hybrid stencil/continuous      membrane mask. Alternatively, all of the pattern areas in the at least one      scattering layer are transferred to the membrane layer to produce a      stencil mask. 
In the method according to the invention, scatter lines (2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7,      8) with a predetermined width are produced, which run at a predetermined      distance from selected edges of mask structure elements (1). These scatter      lines (2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8) produced are inspected with regard to      compliance with a predetermined distance from adjoining edges of mask      structure elements (1) and with regard to compliance with a predetermined      distance from one another. Scatter lines (2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8) which fall      below the predetermined distance are shortened and/or eliminated. 
A pregel composition is added to an organic electrolyte solution of an      electrolyte salt in a nonaqueous solvent for causing the solution to gel      and form a polymer gel electrolyte. The pregel composition is dehydrated      by azeotropic distillation and has a moisture content of not more than      1,000 ppm as determined by Karl Fischer titration. Polymer gel      electrolytes prepared with such a pregel composition have a good      electrochemical stability, and are thus highly suitable for use in      secondary cells and electrical double-layer capacitors. 
A torsion spring for an electro-mechanical switch is presented. The torsion      spring comprises a set of tines including at least one tine extending from      the free end of the armature of a switch. A terminus portion is rotatably      suspended between the tines, and includes a conducting transmission line,      at least a portion of which is exposed for electrical contact. The      conducting transmission line has a length selected such that the exposed      portion of the transmission line forms a circuit between the input and      output of the micro-electro-mechanical switch when the      micro-electro-mechanical switch is urged into a closed position, with the      terminus portion rotating via the tines to form a conformal connection      between the exposed portion of the conducting transmission line and the      input and output of the switch, thus optimizing the electrical flow      therebetween. The switch is also applied to MEMS devices. 
It is an object to provide a high ion conductive solid electrolyte which      uses organic and inorganic complex compound having water absorption and      water resistance and to provide an electrochemical system using the high      ion conductive solid electrolyte. The high ion conductive solid      electrolyte is composed of a complex compound including water that has      zirconic acid compound and polyvinyl alcohol. An aqueous solution in which      zirconium salt or oxyzirconnium salt and polyvinyl alcohol are dissolved      is neutralized by alkali. After removing water used as solvent,      unnecessary salts are removed from the neutralized solution. The high ion      conductive solid electrolyte is obtained which is composed of the complex      compound having zirconic acid compound, polyvinyl alcohol, and water.      Various electrochemical systems are obtained each of which use the high      ion conductive solid electrolyte. 
A tabless battery housed in a sealed package is provided. The packaging      material for the battery comprises a conductive material and a sealing      material. At least a portion of the interior surface of the conductive      material is exposed to form an internal contact between at least one      electrode and the conductive material. At least a portion of the exterior      surface of the conductive material is also exposed to form an external      contact between the electrode and the device. 
This invention is directed to modified thermal galvanic cells for      conversion of heat into useful electrical energy by electrochemical action      using thermal and concentration differences to enhance the power produced      by the cell. The cells of the invention comprise active and inert      electrodes. 
The object of the present invention is to provide a sealed battery that      includes a gas release valve formed on the closure cap by covering a gas      release hole with a thin film that rarely breaks even if the battery is      dropped. For this object, the external casing of the sealed battery      includes a shielding member passing no drop of the electrolyte between the      thin film and the generator element so as to form a gas channel from the      internal space of the external casing to the gas release hole. When the      sealed battery is dropped, electrolyte drops are pushed out of the      generator element at the side opposed to the thin film. The thin film,      however, is prevented from being directly hit by the drops due to the      presence of the shielding member. 
In a battery in which a separator is disposed between a cathode and an      anode, a jelly roll is wound with the separator. The cathode, the anode      and the separator are received in a battery case and surrounded with an      electrolyte, and an opening of the battery case is sealed by a top cap      assembly connected to the cathode. A curved groove is formed on the      battery case as a safety element for preventing the explosion of the      battery due to an increase of internal pressure, the groove being formed      along a line of equal stress on the surface of the battery case. 
The present invention relates to an oxygen electrode for a unitized      regenerative hydrogen-oxygen fuel cell and the unitized regenerative fuel      cell having the oxygen electrode. The oxygen electrode contains components      electrocatalytically active for the evolution of oxygen from water and the      reduction of oxygen to water, and has a structure that supports the flow      of both water and gases between the catalytically active surface and a      flow field or electrode chamber for bulk flow of the fluids. The electrode      has an electrocatalyst layer and a diffusion backing layer interspersed      with hydrophilic and hydrophobic regions. The diffusion backing layer      consists of a metal core having gas diffusion structures bonded to the      metal core. 
A method and apparatus for fuel cell packaging are embodied in a pair of      complementary fuel cell receptacles within which a stack of fuel cells are      housed in a staggered or spiral configuration. The fuel cells are provided      with ports positioned in their corner portions. The fuel cell receptacles      include a plurality of port interfacing surfaces over which the corners of      the fuel cells are positioned, thereby providing direct fluidic interfaces      between the flow field areas of the fuel cells and the receptacles. In a      preferred embodiment, o-rings are employed at the fluidic interfaces      between the fuel cells and the receptacles. The fuel cell receptacles also      include manifolds and a plurality of conduits between the port interfacing      surfaces and the manifolds. In a preferred embodiment, the manifolds vary      in depth along the receptacles such that the conduits are substantially      equal in length. The fuel cell receptacles are detachably secured together      and facilitate the employment of a mechanism for pressing the stack of      fuel cells together to ensure good electrical contacts between adjacent      fuel cells of the stack. 
A monolithic fuel cell is described which is made up of fuel passages and      oxidizer passages, in the form of a monolithic block. The monolith is made      from triplex layers of anode-electrolyte-cathode and a multifunctional      substrate that provides interconnects between triplex layers, provides for      gas diffusion and allows waste products to flow out through it to be      extracted. Additionally, it provides current take-off where desired. The      monolith may be a cube, a rectangular prism or a solid cylinder, made of      layers of different materials with different design patterns. Also      detailed is a low cost, high-speed fabrication method for manufacture of a      monolithic block of fuel cells, using computer-aided design/computer-aided      manufacturing to send instructions to a process management controller. The      controller selects materials and defines their preparation and then sends      these materials to robotic fabrication stations, which are also programmed      by the controller. In this manner, sequential layers of material are      applied to a substrate in a continuous process until a complete      three-dimensional monolithic fuel cell is formed. 
A bipolar plate for use with a fuel cell is provided including an      electrically conductive foam as a coolant layer between thin metal foil      layers. The thin metal foil layers are provided with serpentine flow field      patterns on a surface thereof. 
A circuit configuration provides a simple device that can be used to      monitor the voltage potential between any two points within the fuel cell      coolant system without loading (i.e. decreasing) the voltage being      monitored. The monitoring circuit include a lamp electrically coupled to      the coolant system and arranged in a light-tight package with a      photoresistor. When the ionization voltage for the lamp is reached, a      fully isolated signal is provided in the form of an abrupt resistance      change in the photoresistor. Visual and audible indicators can be coupled      to the monitoring circuit to indicate a coolant contamination condition. 
An object of the present invention is to provide a radio frequency      integrated circuit module that is less susceptible to the electromagnetic      influence and that is not degraded in electric connection. The radio      frequency circuit module of the present invention including circuit      elements mounted on a multi-layer circuit substrate having dielectric      layers is characterized in that an exposed connection portion is provided      by removing a part of the dielectric, and a strip line connected to said      circuit elements and a co-axial line for transmitting a radio frequency      signal from/to said strip line are connected together in a bottom portion      of said exposed connection portion so as to be rectilinear in a three      dimensional way. 
A fuel processor system capable of circulating fuel processor system gases,      such as reformate, anode exhaust, and/or combustor exhaust, through the      fuel processor to provide a number of distinct advantages. The fuel      processor system having a plurality of fuel cells discharging an H.sub.2      -containing anode effluent and an O.sub.2 -containing cathode effluent. A      fuel processor is also provided for converting a hydrogen-containing fuel      to H.sub.2 -containing reformate for fueling the plurality of fuel cells.      A catalytic combustor is positioned in series downstream from the      plurality of fuel cells and a vaporizer reactor is coupled to the      catalytic combustor. A bypass passage is finally provided that      interconnects an outlet of at least one of the group consisting of the      fuel processor, the plurality of fuel cells, the catalytic combustor, and      the vaporizer reactor to the inlet of the fuel processor. The bypass      passage is operable to circulate a fuel processor system gas to the inlet      of the fuel processor. 
The invention is a start up system and method for a fuel cell power plant      (10) using a purging of the cathode flow field (38) with a hydrogen rich      reducing fluid fuel to minimize corrosion of the cathode electrode (16).      The method for starting up the shut down fuel cell power plant (10)      includes the steps of: a. purging the cathode flow field (38) with the      reducing fluid fuel; b. then, directing the reducing fluid fuel to flow      through an anode flow field (28); c. next, terminating flow of the fuel      through the cathode flow field (38) and directing an oxygen containing      oxidant to flow through the cathode flow field (38); and, d. finally,      connecting a primary load (70) to the fuel cell (12) so that electrical      current flows from the fuel cell (12) to the primary load (70). 
The present invention relates to novel organic/inorganic-oxide multilayer      materials. In particular novel organic/inorganic-oxide materials based on      single or multiple atomic layers of tungsten oxide, molybdenum oxide or      other metal oxides interspersed between organic spacer layers is disclosed      along with a method of preparing the materials, preferably via self      assembly. 
A silica layer is provided which is usable as a low refractive index layer      undergoing no change in its refractive index. Further, a silica layer is      provided which is highly productive and usable as a medium or high      refractive index layer undergoing neither reduction in transmittance nor      change in spectral colors. Still further, an antireflection film using      these silica layers is provided. 
A piston ring comprises a coating of a wear-resistant composite      composition, particularly intended for high temperature applications. The      wear-resistant composite composition comprises a ceramic compound and at      least 50 volume %, based on the total volume of the wear-resistant      composition, of an intermetallic nickel-aluminide chosen from the group      consisting of NiAl and Ni.sub.3 Al. A piston ring comprises a      wear-resistant composite composition, particularly intended for high      temperature applications. The wear-resistant composite composition      comprises a ceramic compound and at least an intermetallic      nickel-aluminide chosen from the group consisting of NiAl and Ni.sub.3 Al. 
A self-organized magnetic array includes a plurality of magnetic primary      nanoparticles are arranged on the substrate in a self-organized magnetic      array. A plurality of magnetic interstitial nanoparticles are positioned      between at least some of the primary nanoparticles in the self-organized      magnetic array. A method of making such an array is also provided. 
An organic electroluminescent (EL) device (10) in accordance with the      present invention comprises, in sequence, a glass substrate (11), an anode      layer (12), a hole-injecting layer (13), a hole-transporting layer (14),      an luminescent layer (15), an electron-transporting layer (16), an      electron-injecting layer (17) and a cathode layer (18). The luminescent      layer (15) is doped with a guest fluorescent doping material, and the      guest fluorescent doping material for the luminescent layer (15) comprises      a compound represented by Formula I:        STR1   wherein R.sub.1, R.sub.2, R.sub.3, R.sub.4, R.sub.5, and R.sub.6 each      independently represents a linear or branched aliphatic group having from      1 to 10 carbon atoms or an aromatic group having from 5 to 20 carbon      atoms. 
This invention features a dipyrazolo-pyridine compound of formula (I):        STR1   each of R.sub.1, R.sub.2, R.sub.3, and R.sub.4, independently, is H, alkyl,      alkenyl, cycloalkyl, aryl, or heteroaryl; and each of R.sub.5 and R.sub.6,      independently, is aryl or heteroaryl, or R.sub.5 and R.sub.6, together      with the N atom they are attached to, are heteroaryl. The      dipyrazolo-pyridine compound can be used in an electro-luminescence      device. 
A method of manufacturing an organic EL element according to the present      invention comprises the steps of forming pixel electrodes (801), (802),      (803) on a transparent substrate (804) and forming on the pixel electrodes      by patterning luminescent layers (806), (807), (808) made of an organic      compound by means of an ink-jet method. According to this method, it is      possible to carry out a high precise patterning easily and in a short      time, thereby enabling to carry out optimization for a film design and      luminescent characteristic easily as well as making it easy to adjust a      luminous efficiency. 
A method of forming an environmental resistant thermal barrier coating on a      copper alloy is disclosed. The steps include cleansing a surface of a      copper alloy, depositing a bond coat on the cleansed surface of the copper      alloy, depositing a NiAl top coat on the bond coat and consolidating the      bond coat and the NiAl top coat to form the thermal barrier coating. The      bond coat may be a nickel layer or a layer composed of at least one of      copper and chromium-copper alloy and either the bond coat or the NiAl top      coat or both may be deposited using a low pressure or vacuum plasma spray. 
A ground electrode and a terminal electrode are formed on a first main      surface of dielectric substrate forming a circuit board. Wiring electrodes      are formed on a second main surface of the dielectric substrate. A      semiconductor device and a filter are mounted on the wiring electrodes. A      strip line electrode of the filter is connected to the ground electrode of      the circuit board for conducting direct current, via a through-hole      provided in the filter, a ground electrode of the filter, the wiring      electrode, and a through-hole provided in the circuit board. With this      arrangement, the terminal electrode is connected to a high-frequency      signal terminal of the semiconductor device via the filter. 
A protected article includes a nickel-base superalloy substrate, an      interlayer overlying the substrate, and a protective layer overlying the      interlayer. The protective layer has a composition comprising at least one      of rhodium, platinum, palladium, and ruthenium. In one composition,      palladium is present in an amount of from about 1 to about 41 atomic      percent; platinum is present in an amount of about (40+atomic percent      palladium) atomic percent for palladium ranging from about 1 atomic      percent to about 14 atomic percent and up to about 54 atomic percent for      palladium ranging from about 15 atomic percent up to about 41 atomic      percent; rhodium is present in an amount of at least about 24 atomic      percent; zirconium, hafnium, titanium, and mixtures thereof are present in      an amount of from zero up to about 5 atomic percent; and ruthenium is      present in an amount of from zero up to about 5 atomic percent, balance      impurities. The interlayer has a coefficient of thermal expansion      intermediate between that of the substrate and that of the protective      layer. The protected article is fabricated by furnishing the substrate,      applying the interlayer over the substrate, and applying the protective      layer over the interlayer. The application of the protective layer may be,      for example, by welding or attachment of a solid piece. 
Magnetic recording media exhibiting high SNR and high thermal stability are      produced by sputter depositing a magnetic alloy overlying a non-magnetic      substrate, e.g., on an underlayer, heating to eliminate thermally unstable      small grains thereby increasing the average grain size of the magnetic      alloy layer but narrowing the grain size distribution, depositing a layer      comprising a non-ferromagnetic element, and then heating to diffuse the      non-ferromagnetic element into the grain boundaries of the heat treated      magnetic alloy layer. Embodiments include heating to diffuse the      non-ferromagnetic element leaving a layer comprising the non-ferromagnetic      element, at a thickness up to about 3.ANG., on the magnetic alloy layer,      with the amount of the non-ferromagnetic element diffused into the grain      boundaries of the magnetic alloy layer gradually decreasing from the upper      surface of the magnetic alloy layer toward the underlayer. 
A magnetic recording medium such as a magnetic disk includes a NiP or      ceramic glass substrate on which a seedlayer is sputtered in a low      pressure inert gas atmosphere, the seedlayer comprising a ternary or      quaternary alloy formed from a B2 lattice type alloy such as NiAl, CoTi,      CoAl, NiTi, FeTi, CoFe, CoHf, CuZn, CoZr, and MnAl. For quaternary alloys      in which elements X and Y are added to the B2 type alloy, X can be chosen      from one or more elements selected from the group consisting of Co, Ni,      Fe, Cu, V, Mn, and Zn, and Y can be chosen from one or more elements      selected from the group consisting of Al, Nb, Ta, Hf, Zr, Zn, Ag, Au, Pt      and Pd. The resulting seedlayer preferably has an A2 lattice structure. 
An aqueous adhesive composition with good release properties. A preferred      embodiment comprises sodium lauryl sulfate and a modified tapioca dextrin. 
Antimicrobial and antifogging polymeric films with preferable A/C/E      structure useful for the food, medicine and agriculture applications as      well as for other general packaging and non-traditional special      applications. More preferably, antimicrobial and antifogging films having      a A/B/C/E structure. Most preferably, antimicrobial and antifogging films      having a A/B/C/D/E structure. A multilayer structure (having at least an      skin layer (A) having antifogging and antimicrobial properties/a core      layer (C)/an outer layer (E) structure) for semi and biaxially oriented      polyolefin based antifogging films having advantageous properties as      compared with known and commercial films such as low values of haze, high      values of sheen, lower longitudinal and transverse shrinkage, which      provides high dimensional stability, and excellent antifogging and      antimicrobial properties. Preferably the skin layer (A), having      antifogging and antimicrobial properties, is electrical corona or flame      treated. Electrical corona or flame treatment of the outer layer (E) may      enhance ink anchorage and increase the printability of this layer.      Preferably, the films comprise an inner (B) layer between the skin layer      (A) and the core layer (C). Preferably, the films may comprise a second      inner (D) layer between the outer (E) layer and the core layer (C). 
An acrylic derived adhesive that is used for attachment of a polarizing      plate having a difference of no more than 5% between an initial gel ratio      and a gel ratio after the adhesive is heated at 80.degree. C. for 500      hours is efficiently used as adhesive for polarizing plate excellent in      long-term preservation quality and for optical member. 
An aromatic polyimide film for producing an electro-conductive sealing      element of a packaged semi-conductor device, has a thickness of 20 to 60      .mu.m, a moisture vapor transmission coefficient of 0.05 to 0.8      g/mm/m.sup.2.multidot.24 hrs, a water absorption ratio of 2.0% or less,      and an elastic modulus in tension of 5,000 MPa or more, in which a surface      of the polyimide film has been treated with reduced-pressure plasma      discharge. 
A hybrid film, comprising a first polymer film having a plasma-treated      surface and a second polymer film having first and second surfaces, with      the first surface of the second polymer film being disposed along the      first plasma-treated surface of the first polymer film, has superior      thermal and mechanical properties that improve performance in a number of      applications, including food packaging, thin film metallized and foil      capacitors, metal evaporated magnetic tapes, flexible electrical cables,      and decorative and optically variable films. One or more metal layers may      be deposited on either the plasma-treated surface of the substrate and/or      the radiation-cured acrylate polymer. A ceramic layer may be deposited on      the radiation-cured acrylate polymer to provide an oxygen and moisture      barrier film. The hybrid film is produced using a high speed, vacuum      polymer deposition process that is capable of forming thin, uniform, high      temperature, cross-linked acrylate polymers on specific thermoplastic or      thermoset films. Radiation curing is employed to cross-link the acrylate      monomer. The hybrid film can be produced in-line with the metallization or      ceramic coating process, in the same vacuum chamber and with minimal      additional cost. 
Heat-curable silicone compositions employing a reactive silicone, a      silicone hydride crosslinker and a catalyst system which includes a      rhodium-based catalyst, a stabilizing system are disclosed. A combination      of rhodium and platinum-based catalysts are employed as well. The      compositions are low temperature curing and are capable of providing low      coefficient of thermal expansion compositions. A stabilizer system which      includes in combination a peroxide and an acetylenic compound is also      disclosed. 
A curved laminated automotive glazing panel (10) having a radius of      curvature at at least one portion that is less than 500 mm has a glazing      panel which is provided with a solar control coating layer (25) positioned      at its convex internal surface (11) and in which the coating stack      comprises at least two space sputtered silver containing layers initially      deposited on a substantially flat sheet of glazing material which is      subsequently bent to form a part of the glazing panel (10). 
The idea of the invention is to fabricate a multilayer coaxial transmission      line into a printed circuit. The outermost conductor is fabricated by      conductive conduit strips in different layers, using conductive via posts      in isolation layers connecting the strips. The innermost conductor can be      a single conductive strip or multiple strips in different layers connected      together through conductive via posts. 
The invention concerns transparent fire break glass panels. The inventive      glazing comprises at least two glass sheets and an intumescent      phosphate-based material layer, layer which is located between said two      glass sheets. The intumescent material comprises pyrogenous silica or a      mixture of pyrogenous silica and alumina which enables said material to be      exempt from creep deformation at temperatures preceding the expansion of      the intumescent material in fire resistance tests. The inventive glass      panels have proved heat resistance, and are more easily manufactured than      similar glass panels in prior art. 
The invention concerns glass panels comprising thin layers in particular      for providing them with solar protective or low-emissive properties, and      also comprising other thin layers for correcting rainbow effects induced      by the former. The invention is characterized in that said glass panels      comprise a glass substrate coated with an aluminum oxynitride layer,      deposited by gas phase pyrolysis, and whereof the characteristics of      thickness and refractive index are selected so as to attenuate colors      reflected by the layer providing the glass panel with low-emissive and/or      solar protective properties, layer which is deposited on the aluminum      oxynitride layer. 
A color neutral absorbing film is applied as a coating on a glass      substrate, to which a conductive coating is first applied. An additional      metal oxide layer is deposited on the absorbing film. The coating is      suitable for use in anti-reflective coatings containing other metal oxides      or mixed metal oxides to achieve a coated glass article having a visible      light transmittance of 30% or greater and a reflectance of less than 5%.      The coated glass article is absorbing, anti-reflective and conducting. 
There is disclosed a process of priming a surface (preferably part of a      vehicle) comprising; i) applying a UV radiation curable primer to the area      to be primed; ii) curing the primer with UV radiation provided by one or      more UV lamps having a UV-B:UV-A ratio of 1:1 or less and substantially no      UV-C content, the UV radiation curable primer containing: A. 0-84% by      weight of one or more compounds containing one ethylenically unsaturated      free-radically polymerisable group per molecule; B. 5-50% by weight of one      or more compounds containing two or more ethylenically unsaturated free      radically polymerisable groups per molecule; C. 10-70% by weight of one or      more pigments, fillers and/or dyes; D. 1-8% by weight of one or more      photoinitiators; E. 0-20% by weight of volatile organic solvent and; F.      0-15% by weight of customary additives. Preferably the process also      includes sanding the primer and topcoating the primer with one or more      topcoats. There is also disclosed a surface whenever treated in a process      of the invention. 
Epoxy resin compositions comprising (a) an epoxy resin, (b) a latent curing      agent with curing power at 100.degree. C. or below and (c) an aromatic      amine-based curing agent and/or an alicyclic amine-based curing agent,      which are curable in two stages, or epoxy resin compositions further      comprising (d) a curing accelerator, as well as a prepregs comprising      reinforcing fiber materials impregnated with the epoxy resin compositions.      The compositions give die-releasable cured products by primary curing at      low temperature, give highly heat-resistant cured products by secondary      curing, and exhibit satisfactory stability at room temperature. 
A carbon microrod that holds a fine object by chemically adsorbing the      object on the surface to make a dynamic measurement possible. An organic      substance that leaves, after firing, glassy carbon that hardly becomes      graphite, such as a chlorinated vinyl chloride resin, is mixed with a fine      graphite powder having an average particle size of 1 .mu.m, and the      mixture is extrusion molded with a die having a diameter of 50 .mu.m; the      molded article is fired to give a carbon microrod comprising glassy carbon      and crystalline carbon. 
An object is provided, which has a portion to be in contact with a human s      skin when used, and can suppress irritation of the human s skin. A      skin-contact portion of the object to be in contact with the human s skin      when used is coated with a carbon film. For example, the      carbon-film-coated object is glasses having ear pieces of temples and node      pads coated at least partially with carbon films having a function of      suppressing skin irritation. 
A polyester fiber comprises a hygroscopic polyester composition which      contains 1 to 20 percent by weight of hygroscopic silica-based inorganic      particles in which the average diameter, the specific surface area, the      micropore volume, and the hygroscopic parameter .DELTA.MR are within      specified ranges. This hygroscopic fiber is suitable for clothes which      require comfortableness. 
The present invention relates to a dope dyed sea-island type conjugate      multifilament. In the dope dyed sea-island type conjugate multifilament,      which comprises easy soluble polymer as a sea component and polyester as      an island component, the island component contains a dope dyed component      selected from the group consisting of carbon black, pigments and dyestuffs      and the temperature range (T.alpha.-T.beta.) showing more than 95% of the      maximum thermal stress of yarns is from 120.degree. C. to 210.degree. C.      The dope dyed sea-island type conjugate multifilament of the present      invention has an excellent thermal shrinkage property and excellent wash      fastness and light fastness, and the dyeing process thereof can be omitted      after producing a woven or knitted fabric because a dope dyed component is      contained in the island component (ultra fine yarn). The dope dyed      sea-island type conjugate multifilament of the present invention is useful      as yarns for warp knit fabrics used in production of women s apparel. 
An antibacterial fiber and twisted yarn having an antibacterial imparting      glass composition complexed therewith. The glass composition comprises      0.1-5.0 % by weight of Ag.sub.2 O in a composition containing 45-67 mol %      of P.sub.2 O.sub.5, 5-20 mol % of A1.sub.2 O.sub.3, 1-22 mol % of one or      more selected from MgO, CaO and ZnO, and 1-20 mol % of B.sub.2 O.sub.3. An      antibacterial fiber contains the antibacterial imparting glass composition      in a ratio of 0.1-2.5%. 
The present invention discloses a miniaturized multi-layer coplanar wave      guide low pass filter including: a substrate; a first dielectric layer      formed on and enclosing said substrate; a first metallic pattern layer      formed on said first dielectric layer; a second dielectric layer formed on      said first metallic pattern layer; wherein several via holes being formed      on said second dielectric layer; a second metallic pattern layer formed on      said second dielectric layer, wherein said via holes formed on said second      dielectric layer are filled up with the metal thereof; a third dielectric      layer formed on said second metallic pattern layer, wherein several via      holes being formed on said third dielectric layer; and a third metallic      pattern layer formed on said third dielectric layer, wherein said via      holes formed on said third dielectric layer are filled with the metal      thereof. 
An adhesive which comprises (1) 100 parts by weight of an epoxy resin and a      hardener therefor, (2) 75 to 300 parts by weight of an epoxidized acrylic      copolymer having a glycidyl (meth)acrylate unit content of 0.5 to 6 wt. %,      a glass transition temperature of -10.degree. C. or higher and a weight      average molecular weight of 100,000 or more and (3) 0.1 to 20 parts by      weight of a latent curing accelerator; an adhesive member having a layer      of the adhesive; an interconnecting substrate for semiconductor mounting      having the adhesive member; and a semiconductor device containing the      same. 
The present invention provides, chemical mechanical polishing pad with      improved polishing properties and longevity for polishing semiconductor      wafers. The polishing pad comprises a thermoplastic backing film and a      pressure sensitive adhesive coupled to the thermoplastic backing film. The      pressure sensitive adhesive is configured to couple a chemical mechanical      polishing pad to a polishing platen. The pressure sensitive adhesive is      further configured to provide an interface capable of substantially      preventing delamination of the polishing pad from the polishing platen for      at least about 4 days exposure to a polishing slurry medium having a pH of      about 4 or higher. 
An anti-fogging thermoplastic resin sheet is provided which has a      remarkably improved strength in an anti-fogging coating film thereof,      inhibiting coating film breakage during the forming, and which exerts      excellent anti-fogging effects even in the case of a deep drawn formed      articles and can prevent transfer of the anti-fogging coating film to the      opposite surface when the anti-fogging thermoplastic resin sheet is wound      in a roll. A formed article having excellent anti-fogging effects is also      provided. A thermoplastic resin sheet comprising polystyrene, a polymer      alloy of polystyrene and a rubber, a high-impact styrene resin, a      copolymer of styrene and an acrylic monomer, polyolefin, polyethylene      terephthalate, polyvinyl chloride or polyvinylidene chloride comprises on      the surface thereof an anti-fogging coating film comprising a surfactant      (A) and cyclodextrin or a water-soluble compound (B) in which hydroxyl      groups of cyclodextrin are modified. 
A printing and copying paper capable of printing or copying images      distinctly on a large scale, without becoming curled or being blocked up      in or sent out of machines as two or more than two of the papers being      superposed, by means of high temperature high speed printing or copying      machines, in which toners are to be fixed at high temperature, comprising      a sheet of paper, a white polyethylene coating layer coating on the      surface of the paper, said layer being laminated with a transparent heat      resistant resin coating layer, or a transparent heat resistant resin film      to form a glossy surface, and a transparent polyethylene coating layer      coating on the back surface of the paper, said layer being coated with a      transparent heat resistant resin coating liquid which is mixed with      matting agents. 
Multilayered magnetic pigment flakes and foils are provided. The pigment      flakes can have a symmetrical coating structure on opposing sides of a      magnetic core, or can be formed with encapsulating coatings around the      magnetic core. The magnetic core can be a magnetic layer between reflector      or dielectric layers, a dielectric layer between magnetic layers, or only      a magnetic layer. Some embodiments of the pigment flakes and foils exhibit      a discrete color shift so as to have distinct colors at differing angles      of incident light or viewing. The pigment flakes can be interspersed into      liquid media such as paints or inks to produce colorant compositions for      subsequent application to objects or papers. The foils can be laminated to      various objects or can be formed on a carrier substrate. 
The invention relates to a material comprising a web wherein said web      comprises at least one surface layer comprising polyether polymeric      antistat, extrudable polymer, and compatibilizer wherein said surface      layer has a roughness of greater than 0.3 Ra. 
A method for manufacturing a printed wiring board, comprising the step of      forming a hole by an energy beam such as a laser beam, wherein formation      of a resin film by a substrate-material resin oozing to the inner-wall      surface of a hole is prevented, by lowering the water-absorption      percentage of a substrate material through the dehumidifying step as the      preprocess of the hole-forming step for forming a through-hole or      non-through-hole for interconnecting circuits formed on both sides or in      multiple layers, thereby it is possible to realize high-quality      hole-formation by preventing a defective resin film formation and obtain a      high-reliability printed wiring board. 
A composite facer material for use with cementitious wallboards, where the      composite facer is embedded in a top and bottom face thereof. The      composite facer material, in a most preferred embodiment, comprises two      layers. The first layer is preferably a carded polyester nonwoven mat,      which is bonded to a second layer comprising preferably a tri-directional      laid scrim fabric reinforcement layer made of continuous glass fibers. The      two layers are preferably bonded together using an acrylic adhesive, which      offers superior adhesion between the layers as well as superior adhesion      between the composite facing material and the cementitious core. 
A composite material includes a ceramic matrix and two different fractions      of fiber bundles, namely a reinforcing fiber bundle fraction and a matrix      fiber bundle fraction having different average fiber bundle lengths. The      fractions of fiber bundles are separated in a total fiber bundle      distribution relative to a fiber bundle length by a minimum. A method for      manufacturing a composite material and a method for manufacturing elements      formed of a composite material are also provided. 
A non-asbestos friction material is obtained by molding and curing a      composition which includes a fibrous base other than asbestos, a binder      and a filler wherein the fibrous base contains no inorganic fibers having      a length of at least 5 .mu.m, a diameter of up to 3 .mu.m and an aspect      ratio greater than 3, and the binder includes a resin having a flow of at      most 27 mm at 125.degree. C. The friction materials having a porosity of 8      to 20% exhibit a good braking performance and stability, are endowed with      good resistance to fade and wear, provide enhanced safety and hygiene      during production, and have minimal impact on the human body from dust      generated during use. 
A reflective grating (18) having spaced grid lines (36) patterned on a      piezoelectric substrate (12) for controlling the magnitude and phase of      surface acoustic waves (28) in a reflective filter (10) or resonator. The      magnitude and phase of the surface acoustic wave (28) are controlled by a      sampling period (34) of the reflective grating (18) and the density and      sequence of distributed acoustic reflective dots (42). The reflective dots      (42) are randomly distributed within gaps (40) between adjacent grid lines      (36) or on top of the grid lines (36) of the reflective grating (18). The      pattern of the reflective dots distributed within the gaps (40) or on the      grid lines (36) is determined by the dot density, where the dot density      varies from a lowest density of 0 to a maximum density of 1. 
A multilayer ultrathin film which comprises layers of a polymer and layers      of lamina particles alternately assembled, said lamina particles are      obtained by exfoliating microcrystals of a layered titanium oxide. 
The present invention provides a coating for a transparent substrate which      exhibits a neutral color through a wide range of angles of incidence of      light. The coating employs a base coat adjacent the transparent substrate      having a thickness of no more than about 275 .ANG. and may include two      reflective metal layers having an intermediate layer of an anti-reflective      metal oxide therebetween and an outer anti-reflective layer of metal oxide      over the second reflective metal layer. If so desired, the coating of the      invention may include an abrasive-resistant overcoat as its outermost      layer. This overcoat is desirably formed of an abrasive-resistant metal      oxide, such as zinc oxide applied at a thickness which does not      significantly affect the optical properties of said coated substrate. 
A method (50) of instrumenting a component (10) having a barrier coating      (14). A sensor (76) is embedded within or below the coating. Material      forming the sensor is deposited within a trench (80) formed into the      barrier coating. The trench is then backfilled with material (70) to      protect the sensor from the environment within which the component is      operating. In this manner, the sensor may be embedded at any desired      location and any desired depth within a barrier coating on a previously      fabricated component. An array of sensors (98, 100, 102) may be embedded      across the depth of the coating to provide signals indicative of operating      conditions across the coating. The signals may be conducted to a      connection location (24) by conductors (62, 64) that are deposited within      the trench. The trench may be formed with a laser engraving process (54)      and the material for the sensor and conductors may be deposited with a      selective laser melting process (58). 
The invention relates to a method for linking two adjacent plastic work      pieces (2, 3). The inventive method is characterized in that the intended      contact zone (K) of at least one of the two work pieces (2) with which the      latter adjoins to the other work piece (3) is at least partially subjected      to a high-energy radiation to such an extent that the glass transition      temperature is reduced in a marginal zone (R). The two work pieces (2, 3)      are brought in the desired position relative to each other. For      establishing the connection of the two work pieces (2, 3) at least the      marginal zone (R) modified by the previous radiation process is heated at      least in its surface area to a temperature that is higher than the glass      transition temperature of the marginal zone (R) modified by the radiation      process but lower than the glass transition temperature of the zones of      the work pieces (2, 3) that have not been modified. The invention also      relates to an article (1) produced according to the inventive method that      consists of two work pieces (2, 3) that are linked without using foreign      matte. The inventive article is characterized in that recesses (V),      especially channel-shaped recesses, are introduced in at least one contact      zone (K) of the two work pieces (2). 
A foam pad comprising a surface to which a trim cover can be secured, the      surface comprising a channel having a width of up to about 15 mm. Disposed      in the channel is one of a male portion or a female portion of a      releasably engageable male-female trim cover attachment system. A trim      cover having the other of the male or female portion attached thereto may      be readily attached to the foam pad. A process and a mold for producing      the foam pad are also described. The foam pad is particularly useful as a      component of a vehicular seat system (e.g., seat bottom, seat back and the      like). 
There is provided a resilient, three dimensional material having fibrous      texture and appearance and capable of fluid handling. It consists of a top      surface and a bottom surface wherein fiber-like elements typically extend      from one surface to the other forming flat to undulating surfaces      characterized by a multiplicity of interconnected fluid passageways.      Deformed, discontinuous film-like or encapsulated regions connect      fiber-like elements and stabilize the material. The material of this      invention is unique based on the three principle characteristics which are      communicated in this application: 1) f.sub.f (.psi.)&lt;0.87, 2)      SA/VV&lt;186 cm.sup.2 /cm.sup.3, and 3) caliper&lt;0.150 inches. This      material is useful for a number of purposes, such as for use as a liner      for personal care products like diapers, absorbent underpants, swim wear,      feminine hygiene products, adult incontinence products and the like. The      properties of the material may be tailored within the ranges of this      invention to deliver optimal material performance for use in specific      personal care products. 
A method for producing a laminate having resin layers and thin metal layers      by repeating a process unit comprising a step of laminating a resin layer      by applying a resin material, a step of depositing a patterning material      on the resin layer and a step of laminating a thin metal layer,      predetermined times on a turning support (511), wherein the patterning      material is stuck on the surface of the resin layer in a noncontact way. A      laminate comprising a large number of laminate units each comprising a      resin layer and a thin metal layer divided at an electric insulation      stripe part can be produced stably. The laminate is applicable to      production of a high performance small capacitor at low cost. 
Algae-resistant roofing granules consisting of one or two coats of a fired      semi-ceramic composition having a metallic copper powder which does not      significantly affect the color tint strength of the pigment contained in      the coatings. 
A cutting tool 1 includes a hard coating formed on the surface of a      substrate formed of, for example, a hard material of cemented carbide      (WC-Co-type cemented carbide) equivalent to JIS K10 and polished into the      shape of ISO SPGN120312. The cutting tool 1 has a plate-shape with a rake      face (the main surface side) that is wider than the opposite face. The      hard coating has a thickness in the range of from 1 .mu.m to 5 .mu.m, is      formed of a TiAlN material, and has a Ti/Al ratio of 1. Coarse grains      present in the hard coating and having a size not less than coating      thickness occupy an area percentage not greater than 5% by area. The hard      coating has a surface roughness Ra of not greater than 0.1 .mu.m and a      surface roughness Rz of not greater than 1 .mu.m. 
The invention provides pressure-sensitive adhesive (PSA) coated articles,      including tapes and transfer coatings, having microstructured surfaces and      methods of making pressure-sensitive adhesive articles bearing such      microstructured surfaces. The performance properties of the      pressure-sensitive adhesive articles can be tailored by independently      varying the microstructure and the rheological properties of the      pressure-sensitive adhesive. 
A component having an acoustically active material, whose acoustic      constants can be at least partially altered. The acoustically active      material is located at least partially at a phase transition point and/or      in the vicinity of a phase transition point. 
An abrasive article is described. The article is suitable for the      deposition and mechanical polishing of a conductive material, and      comprises: a polishing layer having a textured surface comprising a binder      and a second surface opposite the textured surface, the polishing layer      further comprising a first channel extending therethrough; a backing      having a first backing surface and a second backing surface, the first      backing surface associated with the second surface of the polishing layer,      the backing comprising a second channel coextensive with the first channel      and extending through the backing from the first backing surface to the      second backing surface; the first channel and the second channel      dimensioned with respect to one another so that the textured surface of      the polishing layer is outside of a line of sight. 
The invention relates to an SMC (sheet moulding compound) for producing      fibre-reinforced duroplastic components. Said SMC consists of a resin      matrix (2) which is fibre-reinforced with unidirectional fibres      (UD-fibres) (7) that are arranged in axial alignment and preferably with      additional cut fibres (random fibres) (4) that are arranged in a      non-aligned manner in the resin matrix. According to the invention, in      order to achieve extremely high rigidity in a multi-axial direction with a      low surface weight, several layers of SMC are arranged in the component,      each layer containing UD-fibres (7) with a different alignment from one      another. 
A secondary backing for surface coverings is disclosed which comprises at      least one thermoplastic material optionally having polymeric microspheres      dispersed therein. A textile substrate comprising a primary backing with      textile fibers extending upwardly from the backing and forming a surface      and the above-described secondary backing attached thereto is also      described. Methods of making the textile substrate and the secondary      backing which can be foam or hardback are also described. Also described      is a resilient surface covering, such as vinyl flooring, using the      secondary backing of the present invention in one or more layers. 
A vacuum thermal insulation product is formed of aporous thermal insulation      material encased in an evacuated enclosure, with least a portion of the      evacuated enclosure including a layer of an electroplated metal. 
A computer-readable medium having material at a select position therein and      containing instructions for controlling an optical reader to cause the      optical reader to re-read the position having the material one or more      times to elicit a measurable parameter at such position. 
Systems and methods are described for inhibiting the readability of an      optical media due to changes in a pseudo-reflective material that composes      the optical media after the optical media has been exposed to air for a      predetermined time. An optical media includes a data encoded component. At      least a fraction of the data encoded component transforms from a      substantially optically reflective state to a substantially optically      non-reflective state as at-least-in-part a function of time from an      initializing event. The systems and methods provide advantages because of      low cost, limited content lifetime, avoidance of rental returns and      minimum changes to existing manufacturing processes. 
Adhesive-coated, peelable protective films and peelable labels, wherein the      adhesive contains a copolymer that is capable of undergoing free-radical      polymerization and which comprises, to an extent of from 0.1 to 10 wt %,      based on the copolymer, a compound A compound of at least one      copolymerizable, ethylenically unsaturated group and a group of the      formula        STR1   in which R.sup.1 and R.sup.2 independently stand for hydrogen or a C.sub.1      -C.sub.5 alkyl group or R.sup.1 and R.sup.2 together form a bridging      C.sub.2 -C.sub.4 alkylene group which can be mono- or di-substituted by a      C.sub.1 -C.sub.4 alkoxy group or hydroxyl group and X stands for O or S. 
A pressure sensitive adhesive layer with a structured surface, wherein the      adhesive layer is capable of being dry laminated to a substrate to form a      laminate. The adhesive layer has a haze after lamination, measured      according to ASTM D 1003-95, of less than about 50% of the haze of the      adhesive layer before lamination. After dry lamination, the adhesive layer      has a luminous transmittance of more than about 85%, a haze of less than      about 25%, and an opacity of less than about 3%. 
A hose of a laminated structure which comprises a rubber layer composed of      a rubber composition, and a laminate including a metal foil and a resin,      the rubber composition including:     (A) a rubber including at least one of an ethylene-propylene-diene      terpolymer and an ethylene-propylene copolymer;     (B) a peroxide vulcanizing agent;     (C) a resorcinol compound; and     (D) a melamine resin. The hose is light in weight, less costly, and has excellent gas barrier      properties. 
A fuser component useful in electrostatographic machines, having a      substrate, and thereover a silicone rubber layer having the crosslinked      product of at least one platinum catalyzed addition curable vinyl      terminated polyorganosiloxane, aluminum oxide fillers, iron oxide fillers,      a crosslinking agent, and having an optional outer fluoroelastomer layer. 

The waveguide group branching filter according to the present invention is      formed by boring out of two metal blocks constituent circuits including a      circular-to-square waveguide multistage transformer 1, the branch      waveguide polarizer/branching filter 4, a rectangular waveguide multistage      transform 9, the rectangular waveguide H-plane T-branch circuit 10, and      waveguide band-pass filters 8, 14 and 18; radio waves V1 and H1, which      have their polarization planes vertical and horizontal, respectively, to      the branching plane of the branch waveguide polarizer/branching filter 4      in a certain frequency band f1, and a radio wave V2 of the same      polarization plane as that of the radio wave V1 in a frequency band f2      higher than the frequency band f1 are incident to an input port P1, and      the radio wave V1 is emitted from an output port P2, the radio wave H1   