As etch-stop films or Cu-diffusion barrier films used in insulation films      constituting conductor layers of a stacked structure, films having smaller      dielectric constant than silicon nitride films are used, and an insulation      film at a lower-layer part of the stacked structure is made to have      smaller dielectric constant than that at an upper-layer part thereof, and      further this insulation film is a silicon oxide (SiO) film and has in the      interior thereof, nano-pores of from 0.05 nm or more to 4 nm or less in      diameter as chief construction. This makes it possible to dramatically      reduce effective dielectric constant while keeping the mechanical strength      of the conductore layers themselves, and can materialize a highly reliable      and high-performance semiconductor device having mitigated the wiring      delay of signals which pass through wirings. 
A semiconductor device is provided with dummy patterns at an originally      thinner portion of each of layers, and each of these dummy patterns is      electrically connected to a reference wire that is either a power-supply      wire or a ground wire. 
A bond pad is located over active circuitry formed within an integrated      circuit device. A barrier film forms the bottom surface of the upper      portion of a bond pad opening which also includes vias extending through      the bottom surface to form a dual damascene structure. The bond pad is      resistant to stress effects such as cracking, which can be produced when      bonding an external wire to the bond pad, and therefore prevents leakage      currents between the bond pads and the underlying circuitry. 
Ball grid array packages that can be stacked to form highly dense      components and the method for stacking ball grid arrays. The ball grid      array packages comprise flexible or rigid substrates. The ball grid array      packages additionally comprise an arrangement for the substantial matching      of impedance for the circuits connected to the semiconductor devices. 
Provided is a technique which permits production of a semiconductor device      having, integrated therein, a semiconductor chip smaller in external size      than an ordinary semiconductor chip without lowering the production yield.      The semiconductor device according to the present invention comprises a      substrate having a square-shaped plane and having an interconnection      formed on a first surface (chip mounting surface) of first and second      opposite surfaces; a semiconductor chip which is mounted on the first      surface of said substrate and has an electrode formed on a first surface      (circuit forming surface) of first and second opposite surfaces of the      semiconductor chip, and a conductive wire for electrically connecting the      electrode of said semiconductor chip with the interconnection of said      substrate, said interconnection having a plurality of connecting pads      arranged from the peripheral side toward the inner side of said substrate. 
A semiconductor device capable of reducing a fabrication period as well as      a fabrication cost when timing control for signal transmission is      necessary is obtained. This semiconductor device comprises a first      semiconductor chip consisting of at least either a circuit against static      damage or a passive component. When a plurality of semiconductor chips      installed on a support substrate are connected with each other through the      first semiconductor chip, timing control for signal transmission is      enabled by simply modifying the first semiconductor chip. In this case,      the first semiconductor chip having a relatively simple structure can be      modified in a shorter time at a lower cost as compared with a case of      re-forming a semiconductor chip having an individual function. Thus, the      modification period as well as the modification cost can be reduced when      timing control for signal transmission is necessary. 
The present invention comprises a first main face (22a) on a surface side      of a substrate (21a). An island portion (26) is formed on the first main      face (22a) and a semiconductor chip (29), etc. are adhered thereto. The      semiconductor chip (29), etc. are sealed in the hollow portion that is      constructed by a column portion (23) and a transparent glass plate (36).      Then, the column portion (23) and the transparent glass plate (36) are      adhered by epoxy resin, or the like. 
A conductive system and a method of forming an insulator for use in the      conductive system is disclosed. The conductive system comprises a foamed      polymer layer on a substrate. The foamed polymer layer has a surface that      is hydrophobic, and a plurality of conductive structures are embedded in      the foamed polymer layer. An insulator is formed by forming a polymer      layer having a thickness on a substrate. The polymer layer is foamed to      form a foamed polymer layer having a surface and a foamed polymer layer      thickness, which is greater than the polymer layer thickness. The surface      of the foamed polymer layer is treated to make the surface hydrophobic. 
A wireless communication system comprising a carrier having a top and a      bottom surface, and a plurality of integrated circuit components for      transmitting and receiving communication signals located on the top and      bottom surfaces of the carrier. At least one passageway extends through      the carrier, and conductive material extends through the passageway for      electrically interconnecting the integrated circuit components located on      the top and bottom surfaces of the carrier. 
A wafer-level package includes a first chip, a second chip and a bump ring.      The first chip has a semiconductor micro device, a bonding pad ring      surrounding the semiconductor micro device, and a plurality of bonding      pads disposed outside the bonding pad ring and electrically connected to      the semiconductor micro device for electrically connecting to an external      circuit. The second chip has a bonding pad ring corresponding to the      bonding pad ring of the first chip. The bump ring is disposed between the      bonding pad ring of the first chip and the bonding pad ring of the second      chip for bonding the first and the second chips so as to form a hermetical      cavity. 
The present invention relates to a device for receiving and/or transmitting      signals comprising an assembly of n means for receiving and/or      transmitting waves with longitudinal radiation of the printed slot-antenna      type, where n is an integer greater than or equal to one, and an      excitation means of the microstrip-line type coupled to at least one slot      line. The present invention is characterized in that it comprises a      switching device which acts by controlling the coupling between the      microstrip line and at least one slot line. 
A semiconductor multi-package module having stacked lower and upper      packages, each package including a die attached to a substrate, in which      the upper and lower substrates are interconnected by wire bonding. Also, a      method for making a semiconductor multi-package module, by providing a      lower molded package including a lower substrate and a die, affixing an      upper molded package including an upper substrate onto the upper surface      of the lower package, and forming wire bond z-interconnects between the      upper and lower substrates. 
Methods and apparatuses for encapsulating a microelectronic die or other      components in the fabrication of packaged microelectronic devices. In one      aspect of the invention, a packaged microelectronic device assembly      includes a microelectronic die, a substrate attached to the die, a      protective casing covering a portion of the substrate, and a barrier      projecting away from the surface of the substrate. The microelectronic die      can have an integrated circuit and a plurality of bond-pads operatively      coupled to the integrated circuit. The substrate can have a cap-zone      defined by an area that is to be covered by the protective casing, a      plurality of contact elements arranged in the cap-zone, a plurality of      ball-pads arranged in a ball-pad array outside of the cap-zone, and a      plurality of conductive lines coupling the contact elements to the      ball-pads. The contact elements are electrically coupled to corresponding      bond-pads on the microelectronic die, and the protective casing covers the      cap-zone. The barrier on the surface of the substrate is configured so      that at least a portion of the barrier is outside of the cap-zone and      adjacent to at least a portion of the molded section. The barrier is a      seal that inhibits the thermosetting material of the protective casing      from covering a portion of the substrate outside of the cap-zone. As such,      the barrier prevents thermosetting material from leaking between the      substrate and a mold outside of the cap-zone during a molding process. 
A small memory card with a monitor includes a substrate, at least one      memory chip, at least one monitor, and a glue layer. The substrate is      formed with an upper surface and a lower surface, the upper surface is      formed with a plurality of connected points and a plurality of golden      fingers electrically connected to the plurality of connected points. The      substrate is used to arrange in an electric device, the memory chip, which      is mounted on the upper surface of the substrate, electrically connected      to the plurality of connected points of the upper surface. The monitor is      mounted on the side of the upper surface of the substrate, so that the      aspect and location of the plurality of the golden fingers may be      recognized. The glue layer is encapsulated and protected the memory chip.      Thus, the display of the monitor may be recognized the operating aspect. 
An integrated circuit package for use in flip-chip manufacturing has a      surface having a depression for receiving a bumped die. The depression has      disposed on its floor a plurality of cage pads. The depression has four      walls, at least one of which is indented to form a step. In the flip-chip      manufacturing process, a bumped die is positioned within the depression so      that the solder bumps line up with the cage pads, and is precisely aligned      and held in place by the depression. The die-package combination is then      heated in a furnace to reflow the solder bumps, thus forming an integrated      circuit. Using the indentation in the depression, underfill material is      introduced into the depression. The underfill material flows into the      depression and under the die, surrounding the reflowed solder bumps. 
For a leadframe for use with integrated circuit chips, a continuous strip      of sheet-like base metal is pre-plated with a layer of nickel fully      covering the base metal, further on one surface with a palladium layer in      a thickness suitable for bonding wire attachment, and on the opposite      surface with a layer of either palladium or lead-free solder in a      thickness suitable for parts attachment. The leadframe structure is then      stamped from the sheet so that the base metal is exposed at the stamped      edges, enhancing adhesion to molding compounds. 
A chip-packaging substrate. The substrate is capable of reducing damage      during packaging, shrinking its connecting portions so that the length of      any of the gap slots between the packaging portion and the frame portion      of the substrate is increased. Furthermore, a dummy layer is provided to      one surface of the frame portion to flush the surface on the frame portion      with that of the packaging portion as much as possible. 
A leadframe for semiconductor devices, including a region which is adapted      to support a semiconductor device and a plurality of leads which are      arranged so as to be directed toward the region, for mutual connection, by      connecting wires connecting the leads and the semiconductor device. The      leads include leads having at least two different lengths for the      connection of connecting wires having different diameters. 
A multi-chip package (MCP) that incorporates a leadframe pad arranged and      configured to allow the active surface of a first chip to be mounted on a      lower surface of the leadframe pad and a second chip to be mounted on an      upper surface of the leadframe pad whereby the first and second chips may      be mounted and wire bonded to inner leads without inverting the leadframe,      thereby reducing the likelihood of damage during manufacturing and      allowing for a reduction in package thickness. The first and second chips,      as well as the bonding wires that connect the chips to inner leads of the      leadframe may be sealed in a package body. Outer leads extending from the      package body and integrally formed with the inner leads may be formed to      provide finished packages having a variety of mounting configurations for      attachment to circuit boards or other applications. 
Provided are a lead frame strip and a method of fabricating a semiconductor      package using the same. The lead frame strip includes at least one lead      frame panel in which a plurality of unit lead frames are arranged to be      connected with one another in matrix forms, wherein each unit lead frame      includes: a die pad to which a semiconductor chip is to be mounted; a tie      bar, an end of which being connected to the die pad and processed to be      downset; a plurality of leads positioned at the same level as another end      of the tie bar and extended with a predetermined distance from the tie      pad; a dam bar formed across the leads and united with the leads to      support the leads, wherein a slot is formed along edges of the lead frame      panel and functions as a buffer, and a connection bar is formed widthwise      across the slot to support the lead frame panel. 
A semiconductor package is provided that includes a flat leadframe having      front and rear faces. The leadframe includes a central platform and      elongate electrical connection leads distributed around this platform.      Electrical connection wires connect the chip to the front face of the      leads, and encapsulation means encapsulates the chip such that the rear      face of the leadframe is visible. The electrical connection leads include      an inner end part and an outer end part, the rear faces of the inner and      outer end parts lie in the plane of the rear face of the leadframe, and      the inner and outer end parts are connected by a branch whose rear face is      set back with respect to the plane of the rear face of the leadframe so as      to define a rear recess. The electrical connection wires are connected to      the leads on the front face of their inner end part. 
A mobile antenna that repeatably can be attached and detached by rotation      from motor vehicles. The antenna having a receiving portion electrically      connected to a base body having a contact area for connecting to motor      vehicles. The joined base body and receiving portion being encased in a      jacket. The base body having grooves with flank surfaces also encased in      the jacket; the grooves aligned in the lengthwise direction of the antenna      so that the groove flank surfaces are essentially perpendicular to forces      produced when the jacket is rotated for attachment and detachment of the      antenna to or from the motor vehicle. 
A leadframe (20) for a semiconductor device includes a paddle ring (22)      having an inner perimeter (24), an outer perimeter (26), and a cavity (28)      located within the inner perimeter (24) for receiving an integrated      circuit die (30). A first row of terminals (32) surrounds the outer      perimeter (26) and a second row of terminals (34) surrounds the first row      of terminals (32). Each of the terminals of the first row of terminals      (32) is individually connected to the paddle ring (22) and each of the      terminals of the second row of terminals (34) is connected to one side of      a connection bar (78, 79), which is connected to one of the terminals of      the first row (32) or to the paddle ring (22). 
An electrical circuit having one or more dielectric layers formed of latex;      and one or more layers of electrically conductive material, such as      copper, patterned to form multiple electrical interconnects, with each      such layer placed on top of one of said dielectric layers. The dielectric      and conductive layers can be used to connect multiple chips in a multichip      module. The latex layers can be formed to have a top surface that contains      peaks and valleys, and the conductive layers can be formed of a first      metal that substantially fills such valleys, so as to increase the      adherence of the metal to the latex surface. The layers of conductive      metal can contain particles of a second metal between said peaks and      valleys of the latex layer that were used as a catalytic seed particles to      promote the deposition of the metal layer onto the top surface of the      latex. 
A method for increasing the critical temperature, T.sub.c, of a high      critical temperature superconducting (HTS) film (104) grown on a substrate      (102) and a superconducting structure (100) made using the method. The HTS      film has an a-b plane parallel to the surface of the substrate and a      c-direction normal to the surface of the substrate. Generally, the method      includes providing the substrate, growing the HTS film on the substrate      and, after the HTS film has been grown, inducing into the HTS film a      residual compressive strain the a-b plane and a residual tensile strain      into the c-direction. 
A semiconductor chip of the present invention is so arranged that a front      face on which an element circuit is formed has electrode pads and a side      face and a back face are coated with a shielding layer for shielding      electromagnetic waves. With this, it is possible to provide a      semiconductor element capable of being easily manufactured into a smaller      semiconductor device compared with a conventional semiconductor device      equipped with a shielding cap; a semiconductor device; and a method for      manufacturing a semiconductor element. 
A dopant is ion-implanted into a second region (52) of a polycrystalline      silicon film (50) for a resistive element (5). Nitrogen or the like is      ion-implanted into a second region (62) of a polycrystalline silicon film      (60) for a resistive element (6). The density of crystal defects in the      second regions (52, 62) is higher than that in first regions (51, 61). The      density of crystal defects in a polycrystalline silicon film (70) for a      resistive element (7) is higher near a silicide film (73). A      polycrystalline silicon film (80) for a resistive element (8) is in      contact with a substrate (2) with a silicide film in an opening of an      isolation insulating film (3). The density of crystal defects in a      substrate surface (2S) near the silicide film is higher than that in the      vicinity. With such a structure, a current leak in an isolation region can      be reduced. 
The invention proposes a semiconductor configuration having a substrate,      which has at least one component integrated therein. The substrate has a      first main side with a metalization. At least parts of the metalization      are underlaid with an insulation layer located in the substrate. By virtue      of the fact that the insulation layer is realized in the form of a trench      lattice, it is possible to reduce parasitic capacitances and undesirable      signal power losses in the case of high-frequency signals. 
An n-type well is formed in a p.sup.- -type semiconductor substrate and a      p.sup.- -type epitaxial layer is formed on; the n-type well. An n.sup.-      -type well is formed in the, p-type epitaxial layer on the n-type well so      as to allow a RESURF operation. A p-type island is formed in the n.sup.-      -type well at a position above the n-type well to form an island region      for high withstand-voltage separation. Thus, the withstand voltage of the      separated island is improved. 
A semiconductor device and a manufacturing method therefor are provided,      the semiconductor device having a good reverse recovery characteristic,      and having no reduction in breakdown voltage because no defect occurs in      the upper main surface of a Si substrate even when wires are bonded onto      an anode electrode. A semiconductor device includes a Si substrate      including an N.sup.+ cathode layer and an N.sup.- layer. An impurity such      as platinum whose barrier height is less than that of silicon is      introduced into upper regions of the N.sup.- layer where P anode layers      are not formed, thereby forming Schottky junction regions. A barrier metal      is formed between the Si substrate and an anode electrode. 
This invention relates an optoelectronic material comprising a uniform      medium with a controllable electric characteristic; and semiconductor      ultrafine particles dispersed in the medium and having a mean particle      size of 100 nm or less, and an application device using the same. This      invention also relates to a method of manufacturing an optoelectronic      material by irradiating a laser beam onto a first target of a      semiconductor material, placed in a reaction chamber in low pressure rare      gas ambient, and a second target of a medium material with a controllable      electric characteristic, placed in the reaction chamber,      condensing/growing a semiconductor material ablated from the first target      to be collected as ultrafine particles having a mean particle size of 100      nm or smaller on a substrate placed in the reaction chamber, and      condensing/growing a medium material ablated from the second target to be      collected on the substrate placed in the reaction chamber, thus forming an      ultrafine-particles dispersed layer having semiconductor ultrafine      particles dispersed in the medium on the substrate. 
A multiple-trench photosensor for use in a CMOS imager having an improved      charge capacity. The multi-trench photosensor may be either a photogate or      photodiode structure. The multi-trench photosensor provides the      photosensitive element with an increased surface area compared to a flat      photosensor occupying a comparable area on a substrate. The multi-trench      photosensor also exhibits a higher charge capacity, improved dynamic      range, and a better signal-to-noise ratio. Also disclosed are processes      for forming the multi-trench photosensor. 

Disclosed is a wireless node with a detachable antenna. When the antenna is      detached, 802.11a lower band communications are disabled. When the antenna      is attached, 802.11a lower band communications are enabled. 
An aspect of the present invention is directed to an avalanche photodiode      (APD) device for use in oil well drilling applications in harsh, down-hole      environments where shock levels are near 250 gravitational acceleration      (G) and/or temperatures approach or exceed 150.degree. C. Another aspect      of the present invention is directed to an APD device fabricated using SiC      materials. Another aspect of the present invention is directed to an APD      device fabricated using GaN materials. According to an embodiment of the      present invention, an avalanche photodiode for detecting ultraviolet      photons comprises a substrate having a first dopant; a first layer having      the first dopant, positioned on top of the substrate; a second layer      having a second dopant, positioned on top of the first layer; a third      layer having a second dopant, positioned on top of the second layer; a      passivation layer for providing electrical passivation on a surface of the      avalanche photodiode; a phosphorous silicate glass layer for limiting      mobile ion transport, positioned on top of the third layer; and a pair of      metal electrodes for providing an ohmic contact wherein a first electrode      is positioned below the substrate and a second electrode is positioned      above the third layer; wherein the avalanche photodiode comprises a first      sidewall and a second sidewall forming a sloped mesa shape; and wherein      the avalanche photodiode operates in an environment comprising a      temperature approximately equal to 150 degrees Celsius. 
A method and system for providing a magnetic element capable of being      written using spin-transfer effect while being thermally stable and a      magnetic memory using the magnetic element are disclosed. The magnetic      element includes a first, second and third pinned layers, first and second      nonmagnetic layers, a free layer and a nonmagnetic spacer layers. The      first, second and third pinned layers are ferromagnetic and have first,      second and third magnetizations pinned in first, second and third      directions. The first and second nonmagnetic layers include first and      second diffusion barriers, respectively. The first and second nonmagnetic      layers are between the first and second pinned layers and the second and      third pinned layers, respectively. The first and second pinned layers and      the second and third pinned layers are antiferromagnetically coupled. The      nonmagnetic spacer layer is conductive and resides between the free layer      and the third pinned layer. In addition, performance can be further      improved by doping Co containing ferromagnetic layers with Cr and/or Pt. 
For labeling a component provided with a metallic cover layer, it is      proposed that at least one additional contrast layer is arranged over the      cover layer. The contrast layer produces an optical contrast with the      metallic cover layer and is capable of being eroded by a laser for      producing a label. 
An electrostatic actuator with inter-digital rotor and stator fingers      formed in a the insulating and conductive layers of a wafer. The actuator      is used to drive MicroElectroMechanical (MEMS) components, specifically      micro-optical components such as mirrors, attenuators, switches, and      tunable filters. 
A first conduction type well is formed in a substrate, and a second      conduction type impurity region is formed in the well. A lower interlayer      dielectric is formed on the substrate, including the well and the purity      region. A contact plug, connected to the impurity region through the lower      interlayer dielectric, is formed with a void inside it. An upper      interlayer dielectric is formed on the lower interlayer dielectric and the      contact plug. The upper interlayer dielectric is selectively etched,      forming an interconnection groove exposing the contact plug. The contact      plug and the exposed void are overetched, extending the void into the      first conduction type well. The interconnection groove is filled with a      conductive layer, forming an interconnection. A seam extending to the well      is formed in the void, connecting the contact plug to the well. Due to the      seam, a well bias may be applied to the well. 
A semiconductor device, including a dummy diffused layer in the upper part      of a substrate, has its noise immunity improved. The dummy diffused layer      is formed between analog and digital blocks to eliminate dishing, which      usually occurs during a CMP process for defining STI regions. The surface      of the dummy diffused layer is covered with an anti-silicidation film at      least partially and a dummy gate electrode so as not to be silicided. The      dummy gate electrode can be formed along with a normal gate electrode for      a transistor. Accordingly, there is no need to add any extra process step      to the fabrication process. 
A power MOSFET has a plurality of spaced rows of parallel coextensive      trenches. The trenches are lined with a gate oxide and are filled with      conductive polysilicon. Spaced narrow polysilicon strips overlie the      silicon surface and connects adjacent trenches to one another. The source      contact is made at a location remote from the trenches and between the      rows of trenches. The trenches are 1.8 microns deep, are 0.6 microns wide      and are spaced by about 0.6 microns or greater. The device has a very low      figure of merit and is useful especially in low voltage circuits. 
High-voltage-tolerant ESD protection devices (ESDPD) for deep-submicron      CMOS process were activated between LDD implanting and forming sidewall      spacers. ESD-Implant (ESDI) regions are located at the ESDPD, without      covering the center region under the drain contact (DC). The ESDI LDD      concentration and doping profile are deep to contain drain diffusion.      Regions with the ESDI have a high junction breakdown voltage (JBV) and a      low junction capacitance. After forming gate sidewall spacers, high doping      concentration ions implanted into active D/S regions formed a shallower      doping profile of the D/S diffusion. The drain has a JBV as without this      ESDI, so the ESD current (ESDC) is discharged through the center junction      region under the DC to bulk, far from the ESDPD surface channel region.      The ESDPD sustains a high ESD level. In an original drain JBV of an MOS      this ESDI method is unchanged, i.e. the same as that having no such ESDI,      so it can be used in I/O circuits with high-voltage signals in the      deep-submicron CMOS. The ESD level of the IO ESDPD improves. The ESD      discharge current path in the MOS device structure improves the ESD level      in the output buffer MOS. ESDI regions are located at the output MOS      devices, without covering the region under the DC. Regions under the DC      without this ESDI have an unchanged JBV, so the ESDC discharges through      the junction region under the DC to bulk. The original drain JBV of the      output MOS with this ESDI method is unchanged, which is still the same as      that having no such ESDI, to be used in the I/O circuits with high-voltage      (5V) input signals in the deep-submicron CMOS with 3.3V or 2.5V VDD. This      applies to diodes, FOD and lateral BJT devices. 
A semiconductor device includes a semiconductor layer formed on part of an      insulating layer. The semiconductor layer includes a diffusion region and      a channel region. The insulating layer is etched so that the semiconductor      layer is separated from the insulating layer below at least part of the      diffusion region. The space left below this part of the semiconductor      layer is filled by an etch stop film that also covers the side surfaces of      the insulating layer. The etch stop film prevents contact holes targeted      at the diffusion region from penetrating the insulating layer due to      alignment error or defects in the semiconductor layer. Since the etch stop      film is not present below the channel region, the electrical      characteristics of the semiconductor device are not altered. 
To provide a semiconductor device with reduced parasitic capacity in the      vicinity of gate electrodes, and a method for manufacturing such a      semiconductor device. The semiconductor device comprises a gate electrode      formed on a silicon semiconductor substrate 1 through a gate oxide film,      and a pair of impurity diffusion layers formed on the surface region of      the silicon semiconductor substrate at both sides of the gate electrode. A      silicon nitride film acting as a sidewall spacer is formed so as to cover      the sidewall of the gate electrode, and the silicon nitride film is      allowed to extend to the surface of the silicon semiconductor substrate 1      in the vicinity of the gate electrode in a substantially L-shaped profile. 
A slot 2 is defined by notching a conductor plate 1, a first radiation      conductor 3 and a second radiation conductor 4 are disposed by sandwiching      the slot 2 as a boundary, a third radiation conductor 5 connected to      either of the first radiation conductor 3 or the second radiation      conductor 4 is provided in the slot 2, if necessary, on and after third      radiation conductors, for example, a fourth and fifth radiation conductors      connected to either of the first radiation conductor 3 or the second      radiation conductor 4 are provided, a power is supplied in the slot by the      use of conductor edges of at least two radiation conductors, if required,      whereby two monopole antennas and slot antennas, which use respective      electric currents on the first radiation conductor 3 and the second      radiation conductor 4, are electrically formed, besides, antennas other      than that described above are electrically formed by utilizing electric      currents over on and after the third radiation conductors. 
A microwave transistor structure having a step drain region comprising: (A)      a substrate having a top surface; (B) a silicon semiconductor material of      a first conductivity type, having a first dopant concentration and a top      surface; (C) a conductive gate overlying and insulated from the top      surface of the silicon semiconductor material; (D) at least one horizontal      drain extension region of a second conductivity type and having a      horizontal drain extension dopant concentration; (E) a step drain region      formed in the silicon semiconductor material, and contacting the      horizontal drain extension region; (F) a body region of the first      conductivity type and having a body region dopant concentration; (G) a      source region of the second conductivity type and having a source region      dopant concentration; (H) a shield plate region formed on the top surface      of the silicon semiconductor material over a portion of the horizontal      drain extension region, the shield plate being adjacent and parallel to      the horizontal drain extension region; the shield plate being adjacent and      parallel to the conductive gate region; and (I) a conductive plug region. 
A semiconductor device comprises a first semiconductor layer of a first      conductivity type, a second semiconductor layer of the first conductivity      type formed in an upper surface of the first semiconductor layer,      resistance of the second semiconductor layer being higher than that of the      first semiconductor layer, a base layer of a second conductivity type      formed on the second semiconductor layer, gate electrodes deposited in a      plurality of first trenches, a gate insulation film being disposed between      inner walls and the gate electrodes, each of the first trenches having a      band-shaped planar pattern and extending from top of the base layer down      to the upper surface of the second semiconductor layer, bridge electrodes      filling a plurality of second trenches and surrounded by an insulation      film deposited over walls of the trenches, the second trenches extending      from the top of the base layer down to the upper surface of the second      semiconductor layer and connecting adjacent ones of the first trenches in      communication with one another so that each of the bridge electrodes      electrically connects adjacent ones of the gate electrodes, an impurity      diffused region of the second conductivity type formed in the second      semiconductor layer adapted to surround the second trenches existing in      the second semiconductor layer, a source region of the first conductivity      type formed in a surface area of the base layer alongside extensions of      the gate electrodes, a source electrode formed on the surface of the      source region, and a drain electrode formed on a back surface of the first      semiconductor layer. 
The invention relates to a semiconductor component with enhanced avalanche      ruggedness. At the nominal current of this semiconductor component, in the      event of an avalanche the voltage applied between two electrodes is 6 % or      more above the static reverse voltage at the same temperature. 
Semiconductor-based devices, and methods for making the devices, involve a      first device that includes a buried channel layer, a dielectric layer, and      a compositionally graded spacer layer. The spacer layer includes a first      material and a second material, and is located between the buried channel      layer and the dielectric layer. A second device includes a buried channel      layer, a relaxed surface layer, and a spacer layer located between the      buried channel layer and the relaxed surface layer. The spacer layer has a      composition that is different from a composition of the relaxed layer. The      spacer layer and the relaxed surface layer each have bandgap offsets      relative to the buried channel layer to reduce a parasitic channel      conduction. A substrate for fabrication of devices, and methods for making      the substrate, involves a substrate that includes a first layer, such as a      silicon wafer, a substantially uniform second layer, and a      graded-composition third layer. 
A memory device having one transistor and one resistant element as a      storing means and a method for driving the memory device, includes an      NPN-type transistor formed on a semiconductor substrate, an interlayer      insulating film formed on the semiconductor substrate to cover the      transistor in which a contact hole exposing a source region of the      transistor is formed, a resistant material in which a bit data 0 or 1      is written connected to the source region of the transistor by a      conductive plug or an insulating film, and a conductive plate contacting      the resistant material. The memory device exhibits improved degree of      integration, reduced current consumption by lengthening a refresh period      thereof, and enjoys simplified manufacturing process due to a simple      memory cell structure. 
Structures and methods for memory devices are provided which operate with      lower control gate voltages than conventional floating gate transistors,      and which do not increase the costs or complexity of the device      fabrication process. In one embodiment of the present invention, the novel      memory cell includes a source region and a drain region separated by a      channel region in a horizontal substrate. A first vertical gate is      separated from a first portion of the channel region by a first oxide      thickness. A second vertical gate is separated from a second portion of      the channel region by a second oxide thickness. According to the teachings      of the present invention, the total capacitance of these memory devices is      about the same as that for the prior art of comparable source and drain      spacings. However, according to the teachings of the present invention,      the floating gate capacitance (CFG) is much smaller than the control gate      capacitance (CCG) such that the majority of any voltage applied to the      control gate will appear across the floating gate thin tunnel oxide. 
A stacked-gate flash memory cell is provided having step-shaped poly-gates      with increased overlap area between them in order to increase the coupling      ratio and hence the program speed of the cell. The floating gate is first      formed with a step and the intergate dielectric is conformally shaped      thereon followed by the forming of the control gate thereon. The increase      in the-overlap area can be achieved by forming gates with multiply      connected surfaces of different shapes. 
A transistor array has vertical FET transistors each connected to a storage      capacitor of a memory cell array. Gate electrode strips, which form word      lines, of the transistors are located on both sides of active webs running      parallel to one another and are connected to a superimposed metal plane by      word line or CS contacts. To insulate these word line contacts from the      other elements of the transistor array and of the cell array, the word      line contacts are located in deep trenches that are introduced into the      webs. 
A high density vertical merged MOS bipolar capacitor gain cell is realized      for DRAM operation. The gain cell includes a vertical MOS transistor      having a source region, a drain region, and a floating body region      therebetween. The gain cell includes a vertical bi-polar transistor having      an emitter region, a base region and a collector region. The base region      for the vertical bi-polar transistor serves as the source region for the      vertical MOS transistor. A gate opposes the floating body region and is      separated therefrom by a gate oxide on a first side of the vertical MOS      transistor. A floating body back gate opposes the floating body region on      a second side of the vertical transistor. The base region for the vertical      bi-polar transistor is coupled to a write data word line. 
In a trench-gated MIS device contact is made to the gate within the trench,      thereby eliminating the need to have the gate material, typically      polysilicon, extend outside of the trench. This avoids the problem of      stress at the upper corners of the trench. Contact between the gate metal      and the polysilicon is normally made in a gate metal region that is      outside the active region of the device. Various configurations for making      the contact between the gate metal and the polysilicon are described,      including embodiments wherein the trench is widened in the area of      contact. Since the polysilicon is etched back below the top surface of the      silicon throughout the device, there is normally no need for a polysilicon      mask, thereby saving fabrication costs. 
An antenna element includes a section which is electrically non-conductive,      a plurality of electrically conductive patches on the section which each      face in a predetermined direction, a feed arrangement electrically coupled      to the patches, and an annular strip of conductive material supported on      the section and extending around the patches free of electrical contact      therewith. A plurality of these antenna elements can be used to form an      array, where one of the antenna elements has several other antenna      elements provided at spaced locations around it. Each antenna element can      include, on a side of the section opposite from the patches, an      electrically-conductive portion with a cavity which faces the section. 
An integrated circuit (101) includes electrical circuitry (105) formed on a      substrate (103). An interconnect layer (109, 117) is formed over the      electrical circuitry (105). In one example, a plurality of      magneto-resistive random access memory cells (MRAM) (161, 171) is      implemented above the interconnect layer. Each of the MRAM cells comprises      a magneto-resistive tunnel junction (MTJ) storage element. A transistor      (130) is formed-over the interconnect layer (109, 117). In one embodiment,      the transistor is implemented as a thin film transistor (TFT). In one      embodiment the transistor is a select transistor and may be coupled to one      or more of the MTJ storage elements. Access circuitry (203, 205, 207, 209)      is formed on the substrate (103) under the plurality of MRAM cells (161,      171). 
A memory including memory cells having active and passive layers may store      multiple information bits. The active layer may include an organic polymer      that has a variable resistance based on the movement of charged species      (ions or ions and electrons) between the passive layer and the active      layer. The passive layer may be a super-ionic material that has high ion      and electron mobility. The active layer may be self-assembled from a      monomer in a liquid or gas. 
Methods of forming integrated circuit capacitors include the steps of      forming a first electrically insulating layer having a conductive plug      therein, on a semiconductor substrate, and then forming second and third      electrically insulating layers of different materials on the first      electrically insulating layer. A contact hole is then formed to extend      through the second and third electrically insulating layers and expose the      conductive plug. Next, a conductive layer is formed in the contact hole      and on the third electrically insulating layer. A step is then performed      to planarize the conductive layer to define a U-shaped electrode in the      contact hole. The third electrically insulating layer is then etched-back      to expose upper portions of outer sidewalls of the U-shaped electrode,      using the second electrically insulating layer as an etch stop layer.      However, the second electrically insulating layer is not removed but is      left to act as a supporting layer for the U-shaped electrode. This second      electrically insulating layer preferably comprises a composite of a      nitride layer and an oxide layer. To increase the effective surface area      of the U-shaped electrode, an HSG layer may also be formed on the inner      and outer sidewalls of the U-shaped electrode. 
A ferroelectric memory comprising a select transistor and a ferroelectric      capacitor is characterized in that the ferroelectric capacitor includes a      dummy capacitor and a memory capacitor the first electrodes (storage node      electrodes) of which are connected to one of the source and drain of the      select transistor and which draw the same hysteresis curve, the second      electrodes of the dummy capacitor and the memory capacitor are connected      to a first plate line and a second plate line, and the potentials of these      plate lines are set so as to polarize the dummy capacitor and the memory      capacitor in opposite directions to each other with respect to the first      electrode. 
A monolithic integrated circuit including a capacitor structure. In one      embodiment the integrated circuit includes at least first and second      levels of interconnect conductor for connection to a semiconductor layer      and a stack of alternating conductive and insulative layers formed in      vertical alignment with respect to an underlying plane. The stack is      formed between the first and second levels of conductor. Preferably the      stack includes a first conductive layer, a first insulator layer formed      over the first conductive layer, a second conductive layer formed over the      first insulative layer, a second insulator layer formed over the second      conductive layer, and a third conductive layer formed over the second      insulative layer, with the first and third conductive layers commonly      connected. 
Without forming a silicide film on a surface of a photodiode PD formation      portion and a surface of a drain portion of a reset transistor T1 having      an impurity region as a drain connected to an impurity region of the      photodiode PD, the silicide film is formed on a surface of a source      portion of the reset transistor T1 and a surface of a source/drain portion      of other MOS transistors. 
An exemplary CMOS image sensor comprises a plurality of pixels arranged in      an array. The plurality of pixels includes a first pixel proximate an      optical center of the array, and a second pixel proximate a peripheral      edge of the array. The CMOS image sensor further comprises a first metal      interconnect segment associated with the first pixel situated in a first      metal layer, and a second metal interconnect segment associated with the      second pixel situated in the first metal layer. The second metal      interconnect segment is shifted closer to the optical center of the array      than the first metal interconnect segment so that the second metal      interconnect segment approximately aligns with a principle ray angle      incident the second pixel, thereby reducing pixel light shadowing. 
A photodiode for use in an imager having an improved charge leakage. The      photodiode has a doped region that is spaced away from the field isolation      to minimize charge leakage. A second embodiment of invention provides a      second implant to improve charge leakage to the substrate. The photodiodes      according to the invention provide improve charge leakage, improved      reactions to dark current and an improved signal to noise ratio. Also      disclosed are processes for forming the photodiode. 
A standard cell architecture with a basic cell that spans multiple rows of      the standard cell. This multi-row basic cell may be a dual-height cell      that spans two rows, or it may span more than two rows. The multi-row      basic cell may be intermixed in a standard cell design with smaller,      single-height cells for high-density applications. The single-height cells      may be used where possible and higher-drive dual-height basic cells where      larger transistors are desired. Other multiple height cells may also be      included if even more current is desirable. The power rail may include      conductors of varying width. 
A synchronous double-data-rate semiconductor memory device is adapted to      receive write data on both the rising and falling edges of a data strobe      signal derived from an externally-applied system clock. In the write path      circuitry for each data pin of the device, adjustable delay elements are      provided to enable the adjustment of the setup and hold times of write      data applied to the data pin relative to the data strobe signal. The      delays are separately adjustable for data present during the rising edge      of the data strobe signal and for data present during the falling edge of      the data strobe signal. The setup and hold window for write data is thus      optimizable on a per-bit basis rather than a per-cycle basis. In one      embodiment, a delay circuit is provided for generating delaying the rising      edge data and the falling edge data by different delay intervals. 
The invention relates to a base station for a radio communications network.      In order to be able to enhance the resolution for a direction of arrival      estimation, the base station comprises: a first phasing network (31) for      forming beams (B.sub.1 -B.sub.4) for fixed reception angles; a second      phasing network (33) for co-phasing and summing the signals of at least      two neighbouring beams (B.sub.2, B.sub.3), thus forming a beam (B.sub.2-3)      for a reception angle in-between at least those two neighbouring beams      (B.sub.2, B.sub.3), and for scaling each resulting beam (B.sub.2-3) with a      predetermined factor; and means for estimating the direction of arrival in      the uplink from the beams (B.sub.1 -B.sub.4, B.sub.2-3) provided by the      first and the second phasing network (31, 33). The invention equally      relates to a corresponding method and to a base station module comprising      such a first and second phasing network. 
In a MOS array, current loss at distances further away from the drain and      source contacts is compensated for by adjusting the length of the      polygate. In an array with drain and source contacts near the middle of      the structure, the length of the polygate tapers off along the width of      the polygate towards both ends of the polygate. 
The invention relates to the protection of devices in a monolithic chip      fabricated from an epitaxial wafer, such as a wafer for a Group III-V      compound semiconductor or a wafer for a Group IV compound semiconductor.      Devices fabricated from Group III-V compound semiconductors offer higher      speed and better isolation than comparable devices from silicon      semiconductors. Semiconductor devices can be permanently damaged when      exposed to an undesired voltage transient such as electrostatic discharge      (ESD). However, conventional techniques developed for silicon devices are      not compatible with processing techniques for Group III-V compound      semiconductors, such as gallium arsenide (GaAs). Embodiments of the      invention advantageously include transient voltage protection circuits      that are relatively efficiently and reliably manufactured to protect      sensitive devices from undesired voltage transients. A protection circuit      can be monolithically integrated with the protected circuit or can be      packaged in a separate integrated circuit. 
A bipolar transistor includes the first group of transistors 610a, the      second group of transistors 610b, the third group of transistors 610c and      the fourth group of transistors 610d. The groups of transistors have unit      transistors with emitters, bases and collectors that are connected      electrically in parallel and the number of unit transistors is different      from group to group and 2, 4, 8, and 16, respectively. 
An ESD protection circuit has a VDD bus, a VSS bus, an IC pad, a PMOS      transistor coupled to the IC pad and the VDD bus, and an NMOS transistor      coupled to the IC pad and the VSS bus. The pitch of the PMOS can smaller      than the pitch of the NMOS, and the drain-contact-to-gate-spacing (DCGS)      for the PMOS can be smaller than the DCGS for the NMOS. 
A bi-directional silicon controlled rectifier formed in a silicon layer and      disposed over shallow trench isolations and therefore electrically      isolated from the substrate to be insensitive to substrate noise for      electrostatic discharge protection an electrostatic discharge protection      device that includes a semiconductor substrate, including a first p-type      portion, a first n-type portion contiguous with the first p-type portion,      a second p-type portion contiguous with the first p-type portion and the      first n-type portion, a second n-type portion, a third p-type portion, a      third n-type portion contiguous with the third p-type portion, and a      fourth p-type portion contiguous with the third p-type portion and the      third n-type portion, wherein at least one of the first p-type portion,      second p-type portion, third p-type portion, fourth p-type portion, first      n-type portion, second n-type portion, and third n-type portion overlaps      the isolation structure. 
In a group III nitride compound semiconductor light-emitting device, a      light-emitting layer having a portion where an InGaN layer is interposed      between AlGaN layers on both sides thereof is employed. By controlling the      thickness, growth rate and growth temperature of InGaN layer which is a      well layer and the thickness of AlGaN layer which is a barrier layer so      that they are optimized, the output of the light-emitting device is      enhanced. 
The present invention provides a nitride semiconductor light emitting      device with an active layer of the multiple quantum well structure, in      which the device has an improved luminous intensity and a good      electrostatic withstanding voltage, thereby allowing the expanded      application to various products. The active layer 7 is formed of a      multiple quantum well structure containing In.sub.a Ga.sub.1-a N      (0.ltoreq.a&lt;1). The p-cladding layer 8 is formed on said active layer      containing the p-type impurity. The p-cladding layer 8 is made of a      multi-film layer including a first nitride semiconductor film containing      Al and a second nitride semiconductor film having a composition different      from that of said first nitride semiconductor film. Alternatively, the      p-cladding layer 8 is made of single-layered layer made of Al.sub.b      Ga.sub.1-b N (0.ltoreq.b.ltoreq.1). A low-doped layer 9 is grown on the      p-cladding layer 8 having a p-type impurity concentration lower than that      of the p-cladding layer 8. A p-contact layer is grown on the low-doped      layer 9 having a p-type impurity concentration higher than those of the      p-cladding layer 8 and the low-doped layer 9. 
A high reflective and conductive metal substrate instead of a GaAs      substrate which is a light absorption substrate is utilized for the light      emitting diode. The processes include forming a mirror protection film on      the light emitting epi-layers. The mounting between the reflective and      conductive metal substrate on the protection film is though a metal      adhesive layer. Afterward, the temporal GaAs substrate is removed.      Thereafter, a trench is formed to remove a portion of light emitting      epi-layers to expose a p-type ohmic contact epi-layer and the first ohmic      contact metal electrode of the light emitting epi-layers. Then the second      ohmic contact metal electrode and a wire bonding layer formation are      followed. The LED can enhance capability of the light reflect instead of      light absorption. 
The nitride-based semiconductor laser device 10 has a stacked structure      comprising a first contacting layer 14, a first cladding layer 16, an      active layer 20, a second cladding layer 24, a second contacting layer 26      and a second electrode 30 which are consecutively stacked, the second      cladding layer 24 comprises a lower layer 24A and an upper layer 24B, the      first cladding layer 14, the active layer 20 and the lower layer 24A of      the second cladding layer have a mesa structure, the upper layer 24B of      the second cladding layer and the second contacting layer 26 have a ridge      structure, an insulating layer 40 covering at least part of each of both      side surfaces of the upper layer 24B of the second cladding layer is      formed on the portions of the lower layer 24A of the second cladding layer      which portions correspond to the top surface of the mesa structure, and      further, a metal layer 42 having substantially the same width as the mesa      structure is formed on the top surface of the insulating layer 40 and the      top surface of the second electrode 30 such that the metal layer 42      continues from one top surface to the other. 
A light emitting chip with heat dissipating structure, which emits light as      electricity flows through and is applicable as the light source for LED.      The light emitting chip is composed of epitaxy chip and electrodes, and      uses insulating material with good heat-dissipation to form the substrate      of the emission layer. To improve the heat dissipation rate, the substrate      has plural openings filled with conducting metals, so the substrate has      better heat conductivity and dissipation rate. 
The present invention provides a GPS device for measuring the wave height      and current direction and speed, which is capable of accurately measuring      the wave height (height of the waves) and current direction and speed      (tidal current) in any point on the sea, ocean, lake, or marsh, and to a      system using such a device. The GPS receiver 2 of the GPS device 1 for      measuring the wave height and current direction and speed processes the      GPS signals received with the GPS antenna 3 and measures the      three-dimensional position of antenna 3. The three-dimensional position      data are recorded by the data recording unit 4 connected to the GPS      receiver 2. When the floating body 5 having those devices 2-4 installed      thereon floats on the sea or ocean, it moves together with the waves and      tidal current in the present location. The software 7 for conducting      high-pass filter processing and smoothing processing is installed in the      data processing unit 6, and the data on the wave height and current      direction and speed are output, while the errors are being removed from      the three-dimensional position data recorded in the data recording unit 4. 
A nitride semiconductor laser device of high reliability such that the      width of contact between a p-side ohmic electrode and a p-type contact      layer is precisely controlled. The device comprises a substrate, an n-type      nitride semiconductor layer, an active layer, and a p-type nitride      semiconductor layer. All the layers are formed in order on the substrate.      A ridge part including the uppermost layer of the p-type nitride      semiconductor layer of the p-type nitride semiconductor layer i.e., a      p-type contact layer is formed in the p-type nitride semiconductor layer.      A p-side ohmic electrode is formed on the p-type contact layer of the top      of the ridge part. A first insulating film having an opening over the top      of the ridge part covers the side of the ridge part and the portion near      the side of the ridge part. The p-side ohmic electrode is in contact with      the p-type contact layer through the opening. A second insulating film is      formed on the first insulating film. 
An active matrix substrate includes a row and column array of active      elements. Each element is associated with a TFT having a gate electrode      connected to a corresponding row conductor and source and drain      (electrodes connected to corresponding column conductors. Circuitry for      protecting against electrostatic discharge (ESD) is connected to at least      one of the row conductors for protecting the TFTs against ESD. 
The invention provides a thin-film semiconductor device, which reduces or      prevents an undercut from being produced below a thin film when a pattern      including an intersection is formed in the thin film. The invention also      provides a method of manufacturing the same. A semiconductor film has a      pattern including a bent shape or a projected shape. One line segment and      another line segment, which define an intersection of the bent shape or      the projected shape and which are consecutive, have an additional line      segment interposed between ends of the one line segment and the other line      segment form a smooth intersection in which each of the angles formed      between the additional line segment and the one line segment and between      the additional line segment and the other line segment is greater than      90.degree. and less than 180.degree.. 
A semiconductor device and a method for forming the same are disclosed. The      semiconductor device comprising an insulated gate field effect transistor      provided with a region having added thereto an element at least one      selected from the group consisting of carbon, nitrogen, and oxygen, said      region having established at either or both of the vicinity of the      boundary between the drain and the semiconductor layer under the gate      electrode and the vicinity of the boundary between the source and the      semiconductor layer under the gate electrode for example by ion      implantation using a mask. It is free from the problems of reverse leakage      between the source and the drain, and of throw leakage which occurs even      at a voltage below the threshold ascribed to the low voltage resistance      between the source and the drain. 
A substrate is overlaid with each pixel electrode and a TFT connected      thereto, each scanning line and each data line which are connected to the      TFT, each pixel potential side capacitance electrode which is connected to      the pixel electrode and which constitutes a storage capacitor, each fixed      potential side capacitance electrode which is arranged in opposition to      the pixel potential side capacitance electrode via a dielectric film and      which constitutes the storage capacitor, and a contact hole which      electrically connects the fixed potential side capacitance electrode and a      lower light shield film disposed under the TFT so as to shield the TFT      from the entrance of light. Thus, in an electro-optical device having the      TFT, crosstalk, burn-in ascribable to the narrowing of the storage      capacitor are prevented or substantially prevented from occurring, and      also a light leakage current in the TFT is prevented or substantially      prevented from being generated. 
A thin film transistor array substrate including an insulating substrate, a      first metallic pattern formed on the insulating substrate, and an      insulating film provided on the first metallic pattern. A semiconductor      pattern is provided on the insulating film, and a second metallic pattern      is provided on the semiconductor pattern. The second metallic pattern is      surrounded by the semiconductor pattern. 
A semiconductor device structure includes a substrate, a dielectric layer      disposed on the substrate, first and second stacks disposed on the      dielectric layer. The first stack includes a first silicon layer disposed      on the dielectric layer, a silicon germanium layer disposed on the first      silicon layer, a second silicon layer disposed on the silicon germanium      layer, and a third silicon layer disposed on the second silicon layer. The      second stack includes a first silicon layer disposed on the dielectric      layer, and a second silicon layer disposed on the first silicon layer.      Alternatively, the silicon germanium layer includes Boron. 
A superconducting quantum-bit device based on Josephson junction has a      charge as a first principal degree of freedom assigned to writing and a      phase as a second principal degree of freedom assigned to reading. The      device comprises a Cooper-pair box comprising first and second Josephson      junctions defining a charge island of the Cooper-pair box closing up onto      a superconducting loop. A read circuit comprises a read Josephson junction      J.sub.L inserted into the superconducting loop and having a Josephson      energy E.sub.j at least 50 times greater than the Josephson energy of each      of the first and second Josephson junctions. 
In the nitride semiconductor device of the present invention, an active      layer 12 is sandwiched between a p-type nitride semiconductor layer 11 and      an n-type nitride semiconductor layer 13. The active layer 12 has, at      least, a barrier layer 2a having an n-type impurity; a well layer 1a made      of a nitride semiconductor that includes In; and a barrier layer 2c that      has a p-type impurity, or that has been grown without being doped. An      appropriate injection of carriers into the active layer 12 becomes      possible by arranging the barrier layer 2c nearest to the p-type layer      side. 
A memory device with multiple bits per-cell. The memory device includes a      side electrode; a doped semiconductor region disposed laterally in contact      with a sidewall of the side electrode, such that the doped semiconductor      region forms a diode, or the junction between the side electrode and the      doped semiconductor region forms a diode; a layer of phase-changing      material disposed laterally in contact with a sidewall of the doped      semiconductor region, such that the doped semiconductor region is disposed      between the layer of phase-changing material and the side electrode; and      an upper electrode disposed on the layer of phase-changing material. Many      storage regions can be stacked vertically, and multiple bits can be stored      in one cell. Also, the contact area is reduced to a minimum dimension      below the photolithographic limit. 
A position determination system of a hybrid method, which is capable of      complementing the problems of a position determination method, in which a      global positioning system (GPS) is used, and a position determination      method, in which a mobile communication signal is used, by combining the      above two methods with each other, is provided. Also, it is possible to      improve the reliability and the correctness in determining the position of      a mobile communication terminal using a dispersing type hybrid position      calculation method and a centralized hybrid position calculation method. 
A method of manufacturing chalcogenide memory in a semiconductor substrate.      The method includes the steps of forming a N+ epitaxy layer on the      semiconductor substrate; forming a N- epitaxy layer on the N+ epitaxy      layer; forming a first STI in the N+ and N- epitaxy layers to isolate a      predetermined word line region; forming a second STI in the N- epitaxy      layer to isolate a predetermined P+ doped region; forming a dielectric      layer on the N- epitaxy layer; patterning the dielectric layer to form a      first opening and performing a N+ doping on the N- epitaxy layer via the      first opening such that a N+ doped region is formed in the N- epitaxy      layer and connected to the N+ epitaxy layer; patterning the dielectric      layer to form a second opening and performing a P+ doping on the N-      epitaxy layer such that a P+ doped region is formed; forming contact plugs      in the first opening and the second opening respectively; and forming an      electrode on each contact plug, wherein the electrode includes a lower      electrode, a chalcogenide layer and an upper electrode. 
An apparatus includes: a switch for switching voltage application from a      power source to a detector; a voltage generator for supplying high voltage      to a radiation source; and a control means for controlling a light source      control means. When a control signal input to the switch is set to low      voltage and an electrode of a first conductive layer and a stripe      electrode are set at same potential, the control means sets control signal      input to the light source control means to low voltage, making a planar      light source emit preexposure light to perform empty reading, wherein      preexposure light is irradiated onto a reading photoconductive layer.      After irradiation of preexposure light and empty reading is stopped,      radiation is irradiated onto the first conductive layer while recording      voltage causing avalanche amplification is applied between the first      conductive layer and the stripe electrode, thereby recording an      electrostatic latent image in the detector. 
A die having at least one opto-electronic device disposed on a front-side      of the die has its backside mounted to a submount with the backside      positioned to align the front-side opto-electronic devices with respect to      the submount. A first set of alignment features are formed on the backside      of the die which are aligned to the front-side. The first set of a      alignment features is then aligned to a second set of alignment features      disposed on the submount and the backside is bounded into place. 
There is provided a displacement measuring device of which assembled state      can be determined optically with ease. There is also provided a light spot      position sensor usefully applicable in determination of the assembled      state of the displacement measuring device. An optical encoder comprises a      scale and a sensor head that is arranged opposite to the scale and can      move relative to the scale. The sensor head includes a sensor substrate,      on which an index grating and a photosensitive device array are formed.      The sensor substrate is also employed to mount a light spot position      sensor and a light source for providing a light beam entering the light      spot position sensor via the scale to configure a state detection system      for detecting an assembled state. 
The present invention is a method and device for identifying recording      media in a printer. The invention utilizes fine structure of the media      revealed by illumination from one or more directions to distinguish among      different kinds of plain papers, coated papers, such as glossy papers, and      transparency films. Multiple light sources at different incidence and/or      orientation angles apply light on the test surface, and scattered light is      converted into signals and then analyzed. Various metric and analysis      techniques can be applied to the signals to determine the media type. 
A method for aligning existing layers formed prior to a new layer and the      new layer in forming the new layer on a wafer 4, wherein a microscope 6 as      a first measurement condition and a microscope 7 as a second measurement      condition are used, and marks 4a and 4b formed in each of said existing      layers are measured by switching the first and second conditions, and said      existing layers and said new layer are aligned based on measurement of      mark position of each of said existing layers, and the microscope 7 has a      plurality of measurement conditions as optical characteristics, and the      measurement conditions are switched. 
An ion beam processing device has a sample holder for fixing a sample on      which a section has been formed by irradiation of a specified focused ion      beam from a surface side, and gas ion beam irradiation device for      irradiating a gas ion beam to a region of the sample fixing using the      holder member that contains the section to remove a damage layer on the      section. The gas ion beam from the gas ion beam irradiation device      irradiates the section from a rear surface side of the sample at a      specified incident angle. 
A lithographic projection apparatus for EUV lithography includes a foil      trap. The foil trap forms an open structure after the EUV source to let      the EUV radiation pass unhindered. The foil trap is configured to be      rotatable around an optical axis. By rotating the foil trap, an impulse      transverse to the direction of propagation of the EUV radiation can be      transferred on debris present in the EUV beam. This debris will not pass      the foil trap. In this way, the amount of debris on the optical components      downstream of the foil trap is reduced. 
An apparatus for customizing focused ion beam (FIB) probes is described.      Prior to taking probe measurements, the probe tips are milled with a beam      of gallium ions on a microlathe platform. A motor rotates the probes such      that the probe tips are uniformly milled. 
There is provided an electron beam exposure technique which permits optical      adjustment in an electron optics system using a doublet lens necessary for      large field projection. Electron beam exposure equipment having a part forming one image by at      least two electromagnetic lenses, has means measuring the position of an      electron beam near an image plane with changing excitation of at least two      lenses at the same time; and control means feeding back the measured      result to aligners or the intensity of the lenses. 
Systems and methods for automated detection and removal of solar      interference in real time from NEXRAD or other similar radar products. The      radar site latitude and longitude and scan elevation time are extracted      from the radar data and a position of the Sun is determined for the      extracted latitude and longitude and scan time. A radial that has been      contaminated with solar interference is determined and the solar      interference is removed from that radial; The removal process does not      impact the timeliness of critical products, and conservatively removes      solar interference. In addition inaccuracies with NEXRAD clock time      synchronization are accounted for to ensure accurate results. 
