An optical detection and orientation device is provided comprising a      housing having an excitation light source, an optical element for      reflecting the excitation light to an aspherical lens and transmitting      light emitted by a fluorophore excited by said excitation light, a      focusing lens for focusing the emitted light onto the entry of an optical      fiber, which serves as a confocal aperture, and a moveable carrier for      accurately moving said housing over a small area in relation to a channel      in a microfluidic device. The optical detection and orientation device      finds use in detecting fluorophores in the channel during operations      involving fluorescent signals. 
A system for determining the presence and optionally the position of an      ophthalmic product such as a contact lens in a container is provided. 
An apparatus and method for inline continuous and uniform ultraviolet (UV)      irradiation of recording medium is disclosed. The components of the      apparatus include a saddle for holding a recording medium such as a disc,      a conveyor that travels the saddle through a tunnel in which multiple UV      lamps are positioned to direct UV light on the recording media travelling      through the tunnel. This apparatus permits the concentration of a bonded      lubricant on the recording media to be substantially uniform. 
Ion optical methods and apparatus are provided for producing low energy ion      beams. The apparatus includes an acceleration electrode for accelerating      the ion beam, a deceleration electrode downstream of the acceleration      electrode for decelerating the ion beam, and an ion optical element      downstream of the deceleration electrode for inhibiting electrons in the      beam plasma from reaching the deceleration electrode. The deceleration      electrode is biased at a voltage that is selected to provide a potential      barrier to thermal ions in the beam plasma to inhibit the thermal ions      from reaching the acceleration electrode. The ion optical element maybe      implemented as an electron repulsing electrode or as a magnetic element.      The acceleration electrode, the deceleration electrode, or both, may be      segmented in a direction lateral to the ion beam to define individually      controllable electrode segments. The ion optical apparatus may be      implemented as an ion source extraction system or as a deceleration lens      system. 
A method for slowing and controlling a beam of charged particles includes      the steps of superimposing at least one magnetic field on a mass and      passing the beam through the mass and at least one magnetic field such      that the beam and the mass slows but does not stop the particles. An      apparatus for slowing and controlling a beam of charged particles includes      a bending magnetic field superimposed on a focusing magnetic field within      a mass. 
To prevent the displacement from an optical axis of a charged particle beam      from being made independent of the direction (parallel to or perpendicular      to the optical axis) of a magnetic field applied to a specimen, a system      including an electron microscope and using a charged particle beam optical      system is provided with a source of a charged particle beam, a condenser      optical system, a specimen to be observed, a system for applying a      magnetic field to the specimen, an imaging optical system and an image      observation/recording apparatus, is provided with first and second charged      particle beam deflection systems in order along a direction in which the      charged particle beam travels between the condenser optical system and the      specimen, is provided with third and fourth charged particle beam      deflection systems in order between the specimen and the imaging lens      system, and the quantity and the direction of the deflection of the      charged particle beam by each deflection system and the intensity and the      bearing of a magnetic field applied to the specimen are related according      to predetermined relation. 
In a method for producing a detector array for detection of X-ray      radiation, a stack is formed from a sequence of layers which are arranged      one above the other in a stacking direction and are connected to one      another. This results in a layer group, comprising at least one sensor      layer composed of a material which is sensitive to that radiation and a      separating layer, repeatedly. The stack is then broken down into slabs      such that a row sequence in one slab reproduces the layer sequence in the      stack. The slab is made contact with, optically or electrically, on at      least one of its surface faces. The rows which are formed from the sensor      layers in the slab are preferably subdivided by the introduction of      separating spaces into individual sensor elements or pixels. A reflector      material can be poured into the separating spaces. The method allows the      production of relatively large quantities of one-dimensional or      multidimensional detector arrays in a simple manner. 
An electromagnetic wave detecting device is provided, which comprises: a      detecting unit for transforming an electromagnetic wave into an electric      charge for detection, a reset unit for resetting the potential of the      detecting unit, a storing unit for storing a signal electric charge      generated in the detecting unit by the electromagnetic wave, a first      reading unit for reading the signal electric charge, and a second reading      unit for reading the potential of the signal electric charge stored in the      storing unit in a nondestructive manner. 
A radionuclide scanner in which multiple detectors are equipped with      collimators such that a circular rotation of the detector around a target      provides the movement needed for collimator sampling. This collimator      sampling is accomplished through strategic placement of the detector heads      relative to each other such that for any given projection, a complete      imaging of the projection is acquired by summing the complementary      contributions of the multiple detector heads at the projection under      consideration. 
A remote controller has a body and a seat. A holding portion is between the      body and the seat for being held by a hand of a user. The body is      installed with a trigger and a rotary wheel for being held and operated by      two hands of the user. The trigger is installed at an intersection of the      body and the holding portion. The rotary wheel is installed on the body      facing toward a lateral surface of the user. An angle is formed between an      axial line of the rotary wheel and a moving direction of the trigger,      wherein the angle is larger than 90 degrees. 
A device and method for detection of buried objects (40) utilizing a down      looking infrared array (140) having infrared detectors (170) positioned in      a sensor array (30). This sensor array (30) may also contain ground      penetrating radar (70) and EMI coils (80). All signals from the ground      penetrating radar (70), EMI coils (80) and down looking infrared array      (140) may be combined to generate alarms (1100). However, the down looking      infrared array (140) may be utilized as a sole means of detecting buried      objects (40). This device and method for detecting buried objects (40)      utilizing down looking infrared array (140) reduces the cost of      construction and maintenance of such a device. 
A method and system (100) for enhancing the determination of the presence      of a surface breaking or subsurface defect with an object (114) under test      are provided (FIG. 1). The method can include transferring ultrasonic      energy to an object (114) under test and sensing images (514, 514 ) of the      object (114) under test before and after transferring ultrasonic energy to      the object (114) with an infrared thermography camera (112). An increase      in temperature gradients in the areas adjacent a defect (516, 516 ) is      shown in the images (514, 514 ) produced by the camera (112), which      indicates the presence of the defect (516, 516 ). The temperature      gradients in the area of the defect (516, 516 ) and images of the defect      (516, 516 ) can be displayed to enable users to determine the temperature      gradient and thus the extent of the defect (516, 516 ). Digital images      (514, 514 ) of the before and after transferring ultrasonic energy can be      superimposed (514) to identify and illustrate the defect (516). 
Bolometer system and method for detecting, at BLIP levels, presence of      radiation over a broad range of wavelengths in an infrared spectrum and in      a temperature range from 20 K to as high as room temperature. The      radiation is received by a Si crystal having a region that is doped with      one or more of In, Ga, S, Se, Te, B, Al, P, As and Sb in a concentration      ratio in a range such as 5.times.10.sup.-11 to 5.times.10.sup.-6. Change      in electrical resistance .DELTA.R due to receipt of the radiation is      measured through a change in voltage difference or current within the      crystal, and the quantity .DELTA.R is converted to an estimate of the      amount of radiation received. Optionally, incident radiation having an      energy high enough to promote photoconductivity is removed before      detection. 
A system for obtaining an image of a cross-sectional surface of a workpiece      includes a shaped beam ion projection column oriented along a first axis.      The ion projection column projects an image of an aperture on the      workpiece surface, thereby excavating a portion of the surface and      exposing a cross-sectional surface. Because the ion beam is not focused on      the surface, a low brightness ion source can be used. A focused particle      beam column, typically a scanning electron microscope, is oriented along a      second axis that intersects the first axis at a selected angle. This      focused particle beam column generates a particle beam that is used to      image the cross-sectional surface exposed by the ion projection column. 
By use of charged particle beam images picked up in different conditions, a      positional displacement caused by parallax is analyzed, and an optics of      an apparatus for charged particle beam microscopy is corrected      automatically. An analysis method using phase difference of Fourier      transform images and having analytic accuracy lower than that for one      pixel is adopted for the displacement analysis. In addition, a degree of      coincidence between images calculated in this analysis method is used as a      criterion for evaluating the reliability of an analysis result. Since the      analysis method based on parallax is low in specimen dependency, the      operation range is expanded. In addition, by adopting a high-accuracy      displacement analysis method, the apparatus correction accuracy is      improved by one digit. A malfunction preventing flow is added using the      degree of coincidence as a judgement criterion. Thus, the apparatus can      deal with unmanned operation. In addition, the degree of coincidence can      be used as a monitor of inspection states or a record of states in an      inspection apparatus. 
A new geometry ion trap and its use as a mass spectrometer is described.      The ion traps can be combined linearly and in parallel to form systems for      mass storage, analysis, fragmentation, separation, etc. of ions. The ion      trap has a simple rectilinear geometry with a high trapping capacity. It      can be operated to provide mass analysis in the mass-selective instability      mode as well as the mass-selective stability mode. Arrays of multiple ion      traps allow combinations of multiple gas-phase processes to be applied to      the trapped ions to achieve high sensitivity, high selectivity and/or      higher throughput in the analysis of ions. 
A method of discriminating singly-charged ions from multiply-charged ions      using an inexpensive ion trap type mass spectrometer is provided. A      mass-analyzing method using an ion trap type mass spectrometer equipped      with a ring electrode and one pair of end cap electrodes temporarily traps      ions in a three-dimensional quadropole field to mass-analyze a sample. The      method comprises applying a main high frequency voltage to the ring      electrode forming a three-dimensional quadropole field; generating ions in      the mass analyzing unit or injecting ions from the outside and trapping      the ions of a predetermined mass-to-charge ratio in the mass analyzing      unit; applying a supplementary AC voltage having a plurality of frequency      components between the end cap electrodes and scanning the frequency      components of the supplementary AC voltage; and scanning a main high      frequency voltage and ejecting ions from the mass analyzing unit and      detecting thereof. With this, chemical noises can be reduced dramatically. 
An ion source using a corona discharge for ionizing a sample at high      efficient is provided. In the corona discharge generated at a tip end of a      needle electrode by application of high voltage thereto, the direction in      which the sample is introduced to the region of corona discharge and the      direction in which ions are drawn out of the corona discharge region are      substantially opposed to each other to improve the efficiency of      ionization and to maintain a stable discharge for a long period of time. 
The subject invention pertains to a methods and devices for ionizing a      sample material. The subject invention also relates to an ionization      source and to a method of sampling gas-phase ions from a sample. An      ionization source in accordance with the subject invention can be used in      conjunction with mass spectrometry or other sampling techniques. The      subject invention can utilize a means for desorbing gas-phase ions and      neutral molecules from a sample and a means to generate reagent ions where      the reagent ions ionize the desorbed neutral molecules so as to increase      the population of gas-phase ions. The subject invention can incorporate      laser radiation for desorbing gas-phase ions and neutral molecules from a      sample. In a specific embodiment, the subject invention provides an      ionization source that uses a pulsed laser for desorption, so as to      produce a population of desorbed neutral molecules from a sample, as well      as a number of gas-phase sample ions. In a further specific embodiment,      the pulsed laser radiation can be adjusted such that neutral molecules are      desorbed without the production of gas-phase sample ions by the laser      radiation. 
A mass spectrometer is disclosed comprising a mass filter for separating      ions according to their mass to charge ratio. The mass filter comprises a      plurality of electrodes wherein ions are radially confined within the mass      filter by the application of AC or RF voltages to the electrodes. One or      more transient DC voltages or one or more transient DC voltage waveforms      are progressively applied to the electrodes so that ions having a certain      mass to charge ratio are separated from other ions having different mass      to charge ratios which remain radially confined within the mass filter. 
A sequential comparison type AD converter comprising series resistors for      generating at respective connection portions reference values to convert      an analog value to an m-bit digital value; a comparator for sequentially      comparing the analog value and one of the reference value and outputting a      digital value; a plurality of capacitive elements for distributing any one      of the reference values by capacitance ratio; and a control unit for      switching a value compared to the analog value by the comparator from a      reference value to a distribution value of the plurality of capacitive      elements when the comparator outputs an m-bit digital value, wherein the      analog value is converted to an (m+n) bit digital value. 
A torsion oscillator (FIG. 1) is stabilized in operation by determining the      current resonant frequency (62); in a first procedure, observing the      oscillator for change in resonant frequency (64), and then restoring the      amplitude and median offset (66) without changing the drive frequency. In      an alternative procedure, after determining the resonant frequency (62);      setting the drive frequency close to but offset from the current resonant      frequency (74), observing the oscillator for change in resonant frequency      (76), and the restoring the close offset to the changed resonant frequency      (78). By operating slightly off peak, the direction of resonant change is      immediately known. The first procedure has less difficulties in      implementation, but requires more power. 
In a preferred embodiment, the invention provides a fiber optic pressure      sensor apparatus which includes a light source, a reflective sensor      diaphragm movable in accordance with pressure in a medium and an optical      fiber coupled to the light source for delivering a first wavefront of      light to the reflective sensor diaphragm. The optical fiber has an endface      which is separated from the reflective sensor diaphragm by a gap, the      endface receiving a second wavefront of light reflected from the      reflective sensor diaphragm. The first and second wavefronts      constructively and destructively interfere to create a modulated optical      signal. A spectrometer is coupled to the optical fiber for converting the      optical signal into a series of digital values, and means for analyzing      the digital values is provided for obtaining a measurement of the pressure      in the medium. An optical coupler is preferably provided for coupling the      light source, the optical fiber, and the spectrometer. A power monitoring      optical detector means may be coupled to the light source by the optical      coupler. A graded-index lens may be coupled to the endface of the optical      fiber. The angle between the endface and a longitudinal axis of the      optical fiber may be formed to be between zero and 11 degrees. A sealed or      vented sensor body may be provided. In sealed embodiments, organic      adhesives are preferably used to seal the sensor body. The means for      analyzing the digital values preferably includes means for recovering      phase information from the modulated optical signal by taking a Fourier      transform of the modulated optical signal. Sensor gap measurements are      then derived from this phase information. 
A photodetector capable of making a more accurate measurement, a      photodetecting method, a program, and a storage medium, are to be      provided. The photodetector according to the present invention measures a luminance      characteristic of a specific color outputted from a display unit under a      specific illumination light. According to the photodetector of the present      invention, color components of the illumination light and color components      of the specific light are separated from each other by means of a light      separator 60f. Then, using an operator Md for the display unit, the color      components of the specific color thus separated are converted from LMS to      XYZ by means of a converter 60g for the display unit. Further, using an      operator Mi for illumination, the color components of the illumination      light thus separated are converted from LMS to XYZ by means of a converter      60h for illumination. Thus, since the operator for the display unit and      the operator for illumination are used each independently for the      conversion from RGB to LMS, even a stacked color of both display unit      output and illumination light can be measured with a higher accuracy. 
A wavelength locker for monitoring the wavelength drift of a laser uses a      pair of detectors for detecting a power component of the laser beam and a      wavelength component of the laser beam, respectively. Various positionings      of the power detector and/or variations to the collimating lens provide a      compact arrangement with fewer components. 
The position of a light blocking object is detected not only within a      display screen, but also outside the display screen. With the use of the      function of detecting the position in a region outside the display screen,      it becomes possible to provide virtual buttons in this region and detect      dust around a light retro-reflector. Dirt on the light retro-reflector is      detected based on the levels of light receiving signals of optical units. 
A photoelectric sensor is disclosed that comprises a sensor unit having a      casing. The casing includes one surface having a first display and a      second display. The first display is structured and arranged to display a      threshold value that may be set by an operator of the photoelectric      sensor. The second display is structured and arranged to display the      actual conditions sensed by said photoelectric sensor. The sensor also      includes a selection device for selecting different operational values to      display on the second display. The selection device can include a      mechanism disposed on the casing for changing the different operational      values on the second display. The selection device can also include an      adjustment switch disposed on the casing. The adjustment switch allows the      operator to adjust the threshold value shown on the first display while      the second display shows at least one of the actual conditions sensed by      the photoelectric sensor. The photoelectric sensor can be an integrated      sensor or can include at least two parts, namely a sensor head and a main      body unit. The sensor also can have a plurality of different display      setting modes that can be shown on the displays and an operator may set      these modes. These different modes include a power setting mode, a hold      setting mode and a timer setting mode, each of which can have a plurality      of displayable conditions. 
Photoelectric proximity switch for detecting the presence of an object in a      monitored area. A light pulse transmitter emits transmitting light pulses      into the monitored area. The pulses are triggered by an output signal of a      random signal generator or a pseudo-random signal generator and are      emitted with a time interval between them. A light receiver is arranged in      relation to the light pulse transmitter and to the monitored area such      that in the absence of an object to be detected in the monitored area, the      receiver receives essentially no light from the light pulse transmitter,      but in the presence of an object to be detected in the monitored area, it      receives such light from the light pulse transmitter due to reflection      that a receiving signal evaluating device connected to the light receiver      and to random signal generator or the pseudo-random signal generator      delivers an object detection signal. 
A first device comprising a first current mirror is used to amplify the      output of a first photodetector. A second device comprising a current      mirror arrangement is employed to amplify the output of a second      photodetector. The outputs of the two devices are then compared to provide      a signal useful for many applications, including that for determining the      position of a rotating member or of a member in relative motion to another      member. Preferably, no feedback action is used for the amplification of      the output of at least one of the photodetectors. 
A shared photodetector active pixel sensor uses a single photodetector      between two different active pixels. The photodetector has a number of      connection portions, which allow connecting to the different photodetector      portions. 
An active cell for a photosensitive sensor that includes photosensitive      diode in which the transistors of the cell are implemented using CMOS      technology. The cell operates with an exposure phase in which the quantity      of light impinging on the cell is detected followed by a scanning phase      during which the luminance information caused by the impinging light is      extracted from the cell. The cell is arranged in such a way to virtually      completely isolate the charge accumulation node from the remainder of the      cell after the exposure phase to eliminate stray accumulation of charge      carriers. 
Using an operational amplifier with a low gain in a closed loop amplifier      circuit, and correcting for errors (i.e., deviation from the output of an      ideal closed loop amplifier using an operational amplifier with infinite      gain) that would result from the use of the operational amplifier with low      gain. In an embodiment implemented in relation to an analog to digital      converter (ADC), a mathematical operation is performed on the digital      code(s) generated by the ADC to generate a corrected code corresponding to      an analog sample. 
The present invention is directed to a solid state imaging device      comprising a red pixel, a blue pixel, a first green pixel, a second green      pixel, two analog-to-digital converters and a color interpolation circuit.      The first analog-to-digital converter converts the output of the red pixel      and output of the blue pixel into digital signals. The second      analog-to-digital converter converts the output of the first green pixel      and output of the second green pixel into digital signals. The color      interpolation circuit combines the digital signals to determine the color      of the pixel. The solid state imaging device may further comprise a third      analog-to-digital converter, a fourth analog-to-digital converter, a      programmable clock generator and a control. The third analog-to-digital      converter converts the output of the blue pixel into a digital signal and      the fourth analog-to-digital converter converts the output of the second      green pixel into a digital signal. The programmable clock generator has a      first clock frequency and a second clock frequency, where the first clock      frequency is slower than the second clock frequency. The control is      coupled to the programmable clock generator, the third analog-to-digital      converter and the fourth analog-to-digital converter. The control      deactivates the third and fourth analog-to-digital converters if the      programmable clock generator is at the first clock frequency, and the      control activates the third and fourth analog-to-digital converters if the      programmable clock generator is at the second clock frequency. 
A confocal imaging system for imaging a surface. The system includes an      area array sensor having rows of sensors for detecting light reflected      from the surface, and an optical system arranged to focus light from      different focal planes on the surface to different sensor rows of the area      array sensor. 
Commercial microwave oven including a main cabinet for enclosing and      protecting various components, having air inlet holes, a base frame under      the main cabinet having a box form with an opened top and a front part      with a plurality of air outlet holes, a bottom plate on the base frame, an      inner case in a space above one side part of the bottom plate, the inner      case having a cooking chamber formed therein, a magnetron on a lower part      of an outside of the inner case, a transformer for regulating a voltage      provided to the magnetron, a waveguide on an underside of the bottom      plate, a fan in a rear of outside of the inner case, and a flow guide for      guiding air passed through the magnetron toward air outlet holes, thereby      cooling components effectively, reducing a volume, and cost of the      product. 
This invention provides a heating and cooking apparatus in which foods can      be accommodated in a heating chamber with good maneuverability and an      appropriate finish can be obtained. A temperature detector detects      infrared radiation through an opening provided on a wall surface opposed      to an opening part for taking in and out foods of a heating chamber. The      temperature detector detects the temperature of a plurality of parts on a      sealing having the substantially same electric wave penetrability as that      of the bottom surface of the heating chamber. Accordingly, even when two      foods are arranged right and left irrespective of the size of the foods,      the temperature of both the foods can be detected. Then, the user does not      needs to extend a hand to the interior of the heating chamber and arrange      the foods in front and back positions. 
A surface-heating element for a curved surface and method of producing a      heating element is provided. The heating element includes a continuous,      planar conductor arranged along a longitudinal axis including a plurality      of turns connected by regions being generally transverse to the      longitudinal axis. The conductor including end portions each having a      terminal for receiving electrical current. The heating element also      includes a film applied to one side of the conductor and configured to      substantially follow an outer contour of the conductor. The film and the      conductor form a continuous web generally centered about the longitudinal      axis, and at least one turn connecting two generally transverse regions      extends beyond the continuous web. The heating element may also include an      adhesive layer on the other side of the heating element sealingly engaging      the film. 
A susceptor device comprises a susceptor base body, a temperature      controlling section, an adhesive layer which attaches the susceptor base      body and the temperature controlling section unitarily, an O-ring which is      disposed near a peripheral section of the adhesive layer, a circular      O-ring which is disposed on a bottom surface of the temperature      controlling section, an O-ring supporting section which surrounds the      temperature controlling section and compresses the O-rings on the      temperature controlling section, and pushup screws which push up and fix      the O-ring supporting section toward the temperature controlling section.      By doing this, it is possible to protect the adhesive layer from an      external environment. Also, it is possible to provide a susceptor device      having a superior temperature controlling characteristics for the plate      sample, operational stability, and durability. 
A heater assembly that is capable of uniformly heating a wafer in an      apparatus for manufacturing a semiconductor device is provided. The heater      assembly preferably includes a susceptor configured to support a substrate      (wafer). A plurality of heaters can be disposed under the susceptor to      heat the wafer. A support is preferably disposed below the heaters to      support the heaters, and a power supply provides an electric current to      operate the heaters. The support can include a heat-shielding portion that      restricts heat conduction between the heaters. The heat-shielding portion      preferably comprises heat-resistant material arranged in a groove formed      on the support. The heat-shielding portion also preferably supports      adjacent peripheral portions of the heaters. Electrical current provided      to the heaters is preferably controlled such that the temperature of the      heaters are operated in a range of about 390.degree. C. to 420.degree. C.      Alternatively, a single or multiple ring-shaped heaters having an internal      radiating space can be provided below a peripheral portion of the      susceptor to uniformly heat the wafer. 
The present invention discloses a household sectional oven and warmer      cooking apparatus, which comprises an electric heating device therein for      controlling the heating temperature and time of an oven by a switch      control, an opening disposed at the top of the oven, a meat grilling pan      having a larger depth and mounted around the periphery of the opening, a      hotdog broiler disposed above the meat grilling pan and comprising a      plurality of parallel cylinders at an appropriate distance apart from each      other, a bread tray with a smaller depth disposed above the hotdog broiler      and having a plurality of through holes disposed at the bottom of the      bread tray, and a lid for covering the whole oven and warmer apparatus and      keeping it warm. With a quick, convenient, and flexible installation of a      meat grilling pan, a hotdog broiler, and a bread tray onto the oven, the      electric heating device and each cooking food item are kept in an      appropriate distance with partitions to avoid the food from being burned      and achieve the purpose of heating and warming the food appropriately. The      overall structure is simple, low-cost, and easy-to-clean, which      constitutes an economic convenient household cooking apparatus. 
An apparatus for baking a semiconductor wafer having a resist pattern      thereon includes a baking oven in which the semiconductor wafer is placed      and heated, and a first hot plate which is provided in the baking oven to      heat an entire bottom surface of the semiconductor wafer. The apparatus      also includes a gas supply unit having a gas introducing path, through      which the purge gas is introduced into the baking oven, and a gas exhaust      path, through which the purge gas is exhausted out of the baking oven. A      gas temperature controller controls a temperature of the purge gas in      order that the purge gas flowing around a peripheral edge or outer portion      of the wafer has a higher temperature than that around the center or inner      portion of the wafer. 
The invention relates to an applicator comprising a) an elongated chamber      (3) having an opening for a glue stick and a nozzle (6) for distributing      melted glue, b) means for gradually pushing the stick into the chamber (3)      and c) two heating elements (13.sub.1, 13.sub.2), each of which comprises      a channel (15.sub.1, 15.sub.2) made from an electrically resistant      material and which can be connected to an electrical power source. Said      channel (15.sub.1, 15.sub.2) is formed on an electrically insulated      surface of a substrate (14.sub.1, 14.sub.2) which is arranged so as to be      in thermal contact with a mass of glue contained in the chamber (3). The      heating element (13.sub.1, 13.sub.2) is applied against an external      conformal surface (2.sub.1, 2.sub.2) of a heating body (2), one surface of      which defines said chamber (3). The heating body (2) is made from a      heat-conducting material. 

A method and circuit for improving linearity of a folding or flash      analog-digital-converter (ADC) circuit. Averaging resistors connect      outputs of each of a bank of first pre-amplifiers. A series adjustment      resistor is placed between each node connecting the output of a first bank      pre-amplifier and the associated averaging resistor, and the input of each      of a second bank pre-amplifier. An adjustment current is injected through      the adjustment resistor during a calibration. A permanent value for      adjustment current is determined such that an effect of offset errors is      substantially minimized. 
The invention relates to a device for producing bound written material with      representative covers, for marketing texts, magazines, construction plans,      collections of drawings, contracts, offers and promotional literature      (catalogues) as required in small to medium sizes. A heatable ceramic      surface with an integrated heating element has several inductive and      thermal sensors on its underside, for detecting covers with a metal inlay      and for controlling the heat output. Said inductive sensors are partially      also supplemented with sensors with microswitches, optical sensors and      additionally, a pressure sensor if the device is to be used for binding      covers consisting of non metallic materials at the same time. The very      short time for heating up the ceramic heating surface made technically      possible by the invention and the use of the stored temperature is made      optimal use of through an internal flap system which is motor-operated.      Integrated ventilators ensure controlled ducted cooling which can also be      supported by Peltier elements embedded in the ceramic heating surface. The      inventive device can be used for binding different formats (DIN A4, DIN      A5) and thicknesses. 
A high-sensitivity, separation microcolumn assembly for a microgas      chromatograph and the like is provided. The assembly has an ultra-low mass      complete with integrated heaters. The assembly uses multiple zones for      temperature control, and microstructures that permit very rapid heating      and cooling of the microcolumn. 
In material machining by means of laser beams, in particular when engraving      for example metal or when blackening and marking on plastic material,      there is to be provided a process in which in spite of a high frequency of      machining pulses the required minimum energy per pulse is achieved. For      that purpose a plurality of laser beams are brought together by way of a      beam-combining means and passed by way of a common beam-guide means on to      the workpiece and in particular operated in time-displaced relationship. 
A method of laser beam machining which has a simple construction and which      is capable of suitably processing a part to be processed by means of laser      beams is provided. A plurality of laser diode arrays 3 are stacked and      disposed in such a manner as to allow radiation of laser beams in the      direction of a width W of a part 1 to be processed. Each of the laser      diode arrays 3 is controlled such that outputs 2R, 2L of laser beams with      which the part 1 to be processed is irradiated in its width (W)-wise      marginal portions 1R, 1L become higher than an output 2C of laser beams      with which the part 1 to be processed is irradiated in its width (W)-wise      central portion 1C. While the part 1 to be processed is irradiated with      the laser beams with the distribution of energy thus changed, the laser      beams are displaced relatively in the longitudinal direction of the part 1      to be processed. 
This invention relates to a method and apparatus for deflashing integrated      circuit (IC) packages by laser irradiation. The method and apparatus      include two lasers scanning flash area for performing deflashing      operation. CO.sub.2 laser is used to remove top layer of flash and YAG      laser is used to remove the thin layer of flash remained after CO.sub.2      laser deflashing. CO.sub.2 laser deflashing and following YAG laser      deflashing can effectively remove flash and avoid damage of heat sinks as      well as leads and bars in the IC packages. 
A method of welding two silicon workpieces (20, 22) together into one      member without the formation of cracks along the weld. A first method      passes current (34, 36) through one or both of the workpieces to heat them      to between 600 and 900.degree. C. Then an electric, laser, or plasma      welder (38, 40) passes along the seam (24) between the workpieces to weld      them together. A second method passing current (34) through a plate (60),      preferably formed of silicon, which either supports the workpieces or is      brought into contact with at least one of them, whereby the workpieces are      preheated prior to the welding operation. 
In accordance with one aspect of the invention, a plasma reactor has a      capacitive electrode driven by an RF power source, and the electrode      capacitance is matched at the desired plasma density and RF source      frequency to the negative capacitance of the plasma, to provide an      electrode plasma resonance supportive of a broad process window within      which the plasma may be sustained. 
Proposed is a device for welding metal elements, in particular studs, to      structural parts, having a welding head that has a collet chuck for the      accommodation of an element, having a feed unit for the feed of elements      into the chuck, and having a power supply means for the supply of electric      energy for a welding procedure. The chuck has at least two segments      electrically insolated from one another. It can be detected via an applied      test voltage whether a metal element to be welded is located in the chuck. 
An electric discharge machining apparatus for supplying machining electric      power to a gap between an electrode (1) and a workpiece (2). The apparatus      includes a gap dimension detection device (8) for detecting a dimension of      the gap, a gap average voltage detection device (11) for detecting an      average voltage of the gap, a gap dimension correction device (13) for      correcting the dimension of the gap, and a gap dimension correction      starting device (12) for starting the gap dimension correction device (13)      when a first comparison between a detected gap dimension and a      predetermined allowable value and a second comparison between a detected      gap average voltage and a predetermined reference average voltage are made      and the gap dimension detected by the first comparison is larger than the      predetermined allowable value and the gap average voltage detected by the      second comparison is smaller than the predetermined reference average      voltage. 
A high voltage switch contact structure capable of interrupting high      voltage, high current AC and DC circuits. The contact structure confines      the arc created when contacts open to the thin area between two insulating      surfaces in intimate contact. This forces the arc into the shape of a thin      sheet which loses heat energy far more rapidly than an arc column having a      circular cross-section. These high heat losses require a dramatic increase      in the voltage required to maintain the arc, thus extinguishing it when      the required voltage exceeds the available voltage. The arc extinguishing      process with this invention is not dependent on the occurrence of a      current zero crossing and, consequently, is capable of rapidly      interrupting both AC and DC circuits. The contact structure achieves its      high performance without the use of sulfur hexafluoride. 
A temperature to digital converter device is implemented by integrating a      temperature sensor circuit into an analog-to-digital converter (ADC).      Temperature-to-digital conversion is accomplished by first measuring a      change in voltage (.DELTA.V.sub.BE) across the junction of a diode when      different current densities are forced through the junction. The thus      obtained .DELTA.V.sub.BE is proportional to temperature. As part of the      conversion processing, .DELTA.V.sub.BE is multiplied by a fixed gain, and      an offset voltage value is subtracted from .DELTA.V.sub.BE. The      multiplication and subtraction functions are performed by a      switched-capacitor integrator in a delta-sigma ADC and the ADC itself      operates as the temperature-to-digital converter device, eliminating the      extra amplifier and/or capacitors required when the multiplication and/or      subtraction function are performed outside the ADC. Alternately, other ADC      topologies that include an integrator or gain amplifier, such as pipeline      ADCs and cyclic ADCs may be used in place of the delta-sigma ADC. 
A power use circuit breaker includes an arc generating switching unit which      adds an electrical resistance in a circuit during current interruption to      attenuate a current to be interrupted, a vacuum bulb which is electrically      connected in series with the arc generating switching unit and interrupts      the attenuated current and a current conducting switching unit connected      in parallel with the series circuit of the vacuum bulb and the arc      generating switching unit. For current conduction the current conducting      switching unit is closed after the vacuum bulb and the arc generating      switching unit are closed, and for current interruption after opening the      current conducting switching unit, the vacuum bulb and the arc generating      switching unit are opened. 
Drivers which are resiliently biased to leaf members bring portions to be      pushed and slide operating portions thereof into resilient contact with      pressing projections of a manipulating knob and conductive plates      respectively and hence, when the portions to be pushed are pushed by the      manipulating knob, the slide operating portions slide on the conductive      plates. Further, contact positions between the slide operating portions      and the conductive plates in a non-loaded state in which the manipulating      knob is not present is set by preliminarily considering that the drivers      are slightly rotated when the manipulating knob is mounted in a preloaded      state. Accordingly, the portions to be pushed are slightly elevated when      they are pushed by the manipulating knob. 
A force-storing unit for a tap changer has an output shaft journaled in a      support and a pair of parallel guide rods fixed on the support, defining a      longitudinal direction, and spaced parallel to the shaft. A force-storing      slide and an output part are displaceable longitudinally along the rods      between respective end positions. Teeth on the output part mesh with a      gear carried on the output shaft. Mechanism between a drive shaft and the      slide displaces the slide longitudinally on the rods in a direction      dependent on a rotation direction of the drive shaft and loads a spring      between the slide and the output part as the slide is moved longitudinally      relative to the output part. A latch connected between the slide and the      output part retains the output part in each of its end positions until the      slide moves into the respective end position. 
A cam-operated timer for a household appliance including a housing and a      switch wafer mounting in the housing used to receive and locate the wafers      to prevent inaccuracies in wafer thickness from accumulating through the      stack of wafers. The switch wafer mounting includes first and second      locating features for receiving first and second switch arm wafers. The      first switch arm wafer rests against the first locating feature, and the      second switch arm wafer is stacked atop the first switch arm wafer and      rests against the second locating feature. 
An element (20) for making an electric contact to another contact member      (19) for enabling an electric current to flow between said element (20)      and said contact member comprises a body having at least a contact surface      thereof coated with a contact layer (21) to be applied against said      contact member. This contact layer comprises a continuous film comprising      a laminated multielement material having strong bonds, such as covalent or      metallic bonds, within each atomic layer and weaker bonds, through larger      bonding distance or for example as van der Waals bonds or hydrogen bonds,      between at least some adjacent atomic layers thereof. 
An electric switch includes a drive shaft that can be actuated by means of      a hand crank and a blocking mechanism for blocking actuation of the drive      shaft. The hand crank has a shaft that can be displaced along the drive      shaft and that is protected against removal by the drive shaft and a crank      arm that is axially fixed on the shaft and is wound by the shaft. In order      to configure that blocking mechanism in such a way that a blocking force      substantially smaller in comparison with the torque of the drive shaft is      needed in order to block actuation of the drive shaft, a recess is      provided on the front side of the switch, into which the crank arm can be      lowered in an anti-rotational manner by displacing the shaft, wherein the      blocking mechanism that has been activated for blocking fixes the shaft      axially once the crank arm has been lowered into the recess. 
A scale 1 for weighing moving loads 17 includes a weighing platform 3      having an entrance end 5 and an exit end 7. The platform 3 is pivotal      about a transverse axis 9 between the entrance end 5 and exit end 7. A      first limit stop 13 is engageable to limit downward movement of the      entrance end 5 and a second limit stop 15 is engageable to limit downward      movement of the exit end 7. A weighing device 11 is connected to the      platform 3 and is operable to provide an indication of the weight of a      load 17 supported on the platform 3 when neither the first limit stop 13      nor the second limit stop 15 is engaged. 
An electronic weighing scale includes a body for use on a horizontal      surface for a weighing operation, a display on the body for displaying a      measured weight, and an electronic weighing circuit in the body for      measuring the weight of a person standing on the body. The weighing      circuit includes a zero-reset circuit for resetting the measurement to      zero prior to a weighing operation. The body includes a zero-reset member      incorporating an electrical switch operable by the zero-reset member to      trigger the zero-reset circuit. The zero-reset member engages the surface,      when the body is placed on the surface, for operating the switch to      trigger the zero-reset circuit. 
A multi-layer electronic circuit board design 10 having selectively formed      apertures or cavities 26, and which includes grooves or troughs 20, 22      which are effective to selectively entrap liquefied adhesive material,      thereby substantially preventing the adhesive material from entering the      apertures 26. 
An electrical lead-through bushing with an internal conductor surrounded by      an external conductor, extending together through a flange element, is      particularly suitable for a TDR (time domain reflectometry) measuring      system in which the fill level in a reactor pressure vessel of a nuclear      installation is monitored. The bushing is particularly suitable for use on      a vessel wherein comparatively high pressures and/or high temperatures may      prevail. For this purpose, a first space region, formed on a first side of      the flange element between the internal conductor and the external      conductor surrounding it, is sealed off with respect to a second space      region, formed on a second side of the flange element by the internal      conductor and the external conductor surrounding it, by way of a number of      sealing rings. 
Methods and devices for converting an analog input signal into a digital      output signal by means of an analog-to-digital converter are provided. The      analog input signal is multiplied by a first adjustable scaling factor to      form an analog intermediate signal. The analog intermediate signal is      converted into a digital representation. The digital representation is      multiplied by a second adjustable scaling factor to form a sample signal,      and a third adjustable scaling factor to form the digital output signal.      The level of the sample signal is determined and compared to first and      second threshold values, with the first threshold value being greater than      the second threshold value. The first adjustable scaling factor is      increased and the second and third adjustable scaling factors are      decreased if the sample signal level is higher than the first threshold      value. The first adjustable scaling factor is decreased and the second and      third adjustable scaling factors are increased if the sample signal level      is lower than the second threshold value. 
A wire connector for electrically connecting a pair of wires, allows      crimping the wires in place and thereafter allows for soldering of the      wires. A hollow sleeve, made from heat shrinkable polyolefin with a heat      activated adhesive layer, is translucent and tinted and has a      tubular-shaped solder member disposed therein. A body member, made from      tin plated annealed copper, is disposed within the solder member. The body      member has a channel having and a pair of spaced apart hoods the hoods      providing a medial opening for visual inspection of the connected wires. A      stop member is disposed within the channel. A first wire member is      inserted into the channel until it abuts the stop member, while a second      wire member, each wire member being either solid or stranded, is inserted      into the opposite end of the channel until it abuts the stop member. The      first hood and the second hood are each crimped thereby crimping their      respective wires. Thereafter, the hollow sleeve is heated causing the      solder member to melt and solder the two wires to the body member, while      the hollow sleeve heat shrinks and recovers to the wire insulation      providing a protective insulator with the adhesive providing a protective      barrier. 
One end of a terminal is formed in a tube shape, and a front end of a      covered electric wire in which a part of a covering is peeled is inserted      to the one end of the terminal, and is uniformly caulked from a periphery.      A length of the peeled covering is shorter than a depth of the tube-like      portion of the terminal. Accordingly, a part of the covering is received      in the tube-like portion and caulked so as to serve as an operation of a      packing, thereby preventing a water and an air from entering into an inner      portion of the tube-like portion. Further, since the tube-like portion is      uniformly caulked so as to be closely contact with the electric conductor,      it is possible to obtain a comparatively large contact area, and it is      possible to obtain a stable conduction. 
An apparatus that prevents tampering into an electrical device container in      which a power circuit is at least partially enclosed includes a housing      having an end that is adapted to be coupled to the container, an      electrical switch secured within the housing and adapted to be coupled to      the power circuit, and a skirt substantially covering the housing and the      electrical switch, and having a pliable shoulder portion that defines an      opening through which the housing end extends. The shoulder portion is      formed from a rubber material in an exemplary embodiment. 
A fire assembly that can be used for installing recessed electrical      fixtures into various structures such as wall assemblies is provided. The      fire assembly includes an electrical fixture contained within a generally      fire-resistant housing. The housing can enclose the electrical fixture in      such a manner that the resulting fire assembly has an integral structure.      In some instances, a support structure can be utilized to attach the      housing to the electrical fixture. Furthermore, the housing can be a      cube-shaped box have a variety of generally fire-resistant walls. These      walls can be made from materials such as sheet rock. 
A macroencapsulation container having in combination an inner container      member with an inner lid member and an inner body member, and an outer      container member with an outer lid member and an outer body member, the      inner container member being composed of a thermoplastic polymer material      that can be thermo-welded or thermo-bonded to itself by melting. The outer      container is composed of a metal. At least one electric resistance wire is      embedded in or mounted onto the inner lid member along the area of contact      with the inner body member, such that the inner lid member may be      thermo-bonded to the inner body member to create an integral, one-piece      inner container member encapsulating any material or containers disposed      within. 
An enclosure is disclosed which is highly secure, permits access to a      cabled network system only by one user at a time, permits visual and      unequivocal observation of the security status of the enclosure, and      prevents access to the interior thereof only by authorized persons. The      enclosure has back, front and side walls and an interior, with all      connections being internal. Limited interior access is provided only      through a door and a service opening. Within the enclosure is a system      connection device to the system, which is configured for access thereto by      only a single user at a time. A lock secures door closure. Thus access to      the cabled system through the enclosure is available only to one user at a      time and must be obtained through the open door, with usage thereby being      visually identifiable, and the door prevents unauthorized access. 
A conduit body assembly includes an elongate sidewall, at least one hub and      a glide member. The conduit body has an open upper end, a closed lower      end, and a conduit body interior. The hub extends from the body in      communication with the body interior and defines an access port for      passage of wire therethrough. The glide member is arranged within the body      interior adjacent to the access port for providing reduced frictional      engagement with wire passing through the access port. 
An umbilical connection for use in a hazardous environment like a floating      roof storage tank has one or more hydraulic hoses, one or more electrical      cables or a combination thereof. Each hydraulic hose has a static      dissipative and abrasion resistant covering. Each electrical cable has an      abrasion resistant coating. The hoses and cables are bundled and wrapped      in a static dissipative and abrasion resistant open mesh sheath or an      overbraid to form the umbilical connection. 
An EMI shield that utilizes a waveguide structure in which all or part of      the air flow opening has a non-uniform three dimensional shape. 
A joint arrangement for guiding a cable therethrough with a holding body      (201) and a leg (204) which is rotatably journalled on the holding body      (201) is disclosed. In the joint arrangement, a mechanism for limiting the      rotation of the leg relative to the holding body is provided in order to      protect a cable passed through the leg and holding body against excessive      twisting. The leg (204) is journalled on the holding body (201) with a      ball joint (205). Alternatively or additionally, the joint arrangement      includes a swivel joint having a sleeve wherein means for limiting      rotation are provided in the form of a stop pin and a stop formed on the      sleeve or in a sleeve. Electric operator-controlled elements can be      movably mounted on a surgical microscope with the joint arrangement. 
A coder and/or decoder system and method are provided including a variable      modulus. As an option, the modulus may reflect a steepness of a      probability distribution curve associated with a compression algorithm      (i.e. a negative exponential of the probability distribution). Moreover,      the modulus may depend on a context of a previous set of data, while      avoiding increasing as a function of a run length (i.e. a plurality of      identical bits in a sequence). 
AC module, integrating a solar battery and an inverter, can easily be      connected with other plural AC modules in parallel by way of cascade      connections. However, when the number of AC modules connected is      improvidently increased, the current flowing through the current path or      connector of the AC module exceeds a rated current. In view of this, the      current detector detects a current in the collective-power current path of      the AC module, and when the detected current value exceeds a value set in      the reference current setting circuit, the current detector stops the      inverter. 
The present invention relates to an arrangement of a rhythmic apparatus      with a vehicle sound apparatus that generates a first audio signal. The      arrangement comprises an electronic module and an electronic transducer.      The electronic transducer comprises conversion means of vibratory pulses      into electrical signals. The electronic module comprises a processing unit      having reception means for the signals from the electronic transducer and      conversion means for converting the signals into a second audio signal.      The processing unit is associated with a mixer unit having means for      combining the second audio signal with the first audio signal. 
In a memory of a communication setting apparatus, there is stored      communication setting information that collectively predefines a plurality      of communication condition parameters corresponding to a communication      mode. The plurality of communication condition parameters are intended to      set whether a plurality of kinds of tone performance data (e.g., tone      performance data based on operation on a keyboard and tone performance      data based on an automatic performance) and control data (e.g., tempo      clock data) should be transmitted or received. When a user has selected a      communication mode by operation of a predetermined switch, the      communication setting information corresponding to the selected      communication mode is read out from the memory, and tone performance data      and/or control data are set to condition for transmission or reception in      accordance with a plurality of communication condition parameters defined      by the communication setting information. 
Performance data and lyric data stored in an external storage device 35 is      read out in accordance with the progression of a song. The performance      data is sent to a tone generator 36, so that melody and accompaniment      tones are reproduced by use of the performance data. The lyric data is      sent to a display control circuit 14, so that lyrics represented by the      lyric data are displayed on a display unit 12. The timing at which the      lyrics are reproduced is determined by relative time data .DELTA.T added      to the lyric data, so that the lyrics are displayed at right positions      corresponding to bar and beat positions. When a bar has lengthy lyrics,      the width of the bar to be displayed on the display unit 12 is adjusted.      As a result, the position of lyrics displayed corresponds to the      progression of a song, resulting in users being capable of obtaining      timing in both performing a musical instrument and singing when they sing      a song while performing the musical instrument. 
Vibrating musical devices including a motorized drumstick that can generate      and/or distort sound when placed into contact with a surface. For example,      the motorized drumstick can generate a buzz roll on a drum or other      resonating surface. The drumstick includes a rod that is attached to a      handle. Located within the handle is a motor that can create an      oscillating movement of the rod. The oscillating movement may be induced      by an off-center weight that is attached to the motor. The motor and      weight may be incorporated into other musical devices. 
A drum includes a shell with two heads fixedly connected to two opposite      ends of the shell by two counterhoops. Each head includes a base, a      decoration layer on the base, a protection layer on the decorative layer      and a durable layer on the protection layer. The durable layer has ridges      extending therefrom so that the patterns on the decorative layer looks      like flapping when the head is beat. 
An improved drumshell construction comprising a first layer of sheet      material having elastic properties, a second layer of sheet material in      mating engagement with the first layer of sheet material, a means to bond      the two layers together, wherein the elastic modules of the first layer of      material is imparted to the second layer of material to enhance the      formation of a drumshell having varying sound absorptive and radiating      characteristics to control and enhance the timbre of the drumhead. 
A prescribed number of bars are arranged in a percussion instrument such as      a xylophone and marimba, wherein each bar is formed by a base layer, a      fiber reinforced plastic layer, and a surface layer that are combined      together using an epoxy adhesive therebetween. Both the base layer and      surface layer is made of the prescribed hardwood material such as      rosewood, hard birch, padauk, and Chinese quince, while the fiber      reinforced plastic layer is formed by laminating one or more fiber      reinforced plastic sheets, each of which is formed by impregnating and      hardening thermosetting epoxy resin with fibers. All fibers can be aligned      in a single direction slanted to the longitudinal direction of the bar.      Alternatively, fibers are woven in two directions rectangularly crossing      each other in a cloth form. Thus, it is possible to improve bars in      striking durability as well as in sound quality and design. 
A valve particularly intended to act as a water key for a musical wind      instrument comprises a ball 17 captively mounted inside a housing 15 and a      spring 18 which biases the ball 17 into an inlet aperture 12 of the valve.      An annular actuator 20 extends around the housing 15 and comprises a      plurality of projections 21 which extend radially inwardly through the      housing 15, the inner ends of the projections 21 surrounding the ball 17. In use, when the actuator 20 is pushed in any radial direction, the      projections 21 dislodge the ball 17 from the inlet aperture 12 to open the      valve and to allow fluid to pass into the valve through the inlet aperture      12 and out an aperture 16 in the valve, When the actuator 20 is released,      the ball 17 returns to its normal position under the spring bias to close      the aperture 12. The valve is simple in construction and provides a      reliable seal when closed, which is not prone to wear. 
An instrument support elbow includes a seat body. A coupling seat upward      extends from one side of the seat body for rotatably coupling with a      rotary block. The rotary block is formed with a radial through hole for a      support rod to extend therethrough. The rotary block is formed with a      cavity perpendicularly intersecting the through hole. A fixing member      passes through the cavity to the through hole. The fixing member is formed      with a ring hole corresponding to the through hole, whereby the support      rod extends through the ring hole and the through hole. A turning member      extending out of the rotary block serves to drive the fixing member to      move along the radius of the support rod. 
A method of communicating a message between an automotive device of an      automotive control area network and a non-automotive, industrial device of      a non-automotive, fieldbus network includes receiving a message of a      source format from one of the automotive device of the automotive control      area network and the non-automotive, industrial device of the      non-automotive, fieldbus network; translating the message of the source      format to a common language format; processing the message of a common      language format via a set of stored, configurable rules; translating the      processed message of a common language format to a destination message      format; and delivering the message in the appropriate destination format      to one of the automotive device and the non-automotive, industrial device. 
An inbred corn line, designated LH289, is disclosed. The invention relates      to the seeds of inbred corn line LH289, to the plants of inbred corn line      LH289 and to methods for producing a corn plant, either inbred or hybrid,      by crossing the inbred line LH289 with itself or another corn line. The      invention further relates to methods for producing a corn plant containing      in its genetic material one or more transgenes and to the transgenic      plants produced by that method and to methods for producing other inbred      corn lines derived from the inbred LH289. 
A novel cotton cultivar, designated DP 444 BG/RR, is disclosed. The      invention relates to the seeds of cotton cultivar DP 444 BG/RR, to the      plants of cotton DP 444 BG/RR and to methods for producing a cotton plant      produced by crossing the cultivar DP 444 BG/RR with itself or another      cotton variety. The invention further relates to hybrid cotton seeds and      plants produced by crossing the cultivar DP 444 BG/RR with another cotton      cultivar. 
A soybean cultivar, designated 19704280, is disclosed. The invention      relates to the seeds of soybean cultivar 19704280, to the plants of      soybean 19704280 and to methods for producing a soybean plant produced by      crossing the cultivar 19704280 with itself or another soybean variety. The      invention further relates to hybrid soybean seeds and plants produced by      crossing the cultivar 19704280 with another soybean cultivar. 
A novel soybean cultivar, designated 0332131, is disclosed. The invention      relates to the seeds of soybean cultivar 0332131, to the plants of soybean      0332131 and to methods for producing a soybean plant produced by crossing      the cultivar 0332131 with itself or another soybean variety. The invention      further relates to hybrid soybean seeds and plants produced by crossing      the cultivar 0332131 with another soybean cultivar. 
A soybean cultivar, designated 0332120, is disclosed. The invention relates      to the seeds of soybean cultivar 0332120, to the plants of soybean 0332120      and to methods for producing a soybean plant produced by crossing the      cultivar 0332120 with itself or another soybean variety. The invention      further relates to hybrid soybean seeds and plants produced by crossing      the cultivar 0332120 with another soybean cultivar. 
A soybean cultivar, designated 0332125, is disclosed. The invention relates      to the seeds of soybean cultivar 0332125, to the plants of soybean 0332125      and to methods for producing a soybean plant produced by crossing the      cultivar 0332125 with itself or another soybean variety. The invention      further relates to hybrid soybean seeds and plants produced by crossing      the cultivar 0332125 with another soybean cultivar. 
A soybean cultivar, designated 0332121, is disclosed. The invention relates      to the seeds of soybean cultivar 0332121, to the plants of soybean 0332121      and to methods for producing a soybean plant produced by crossing the      cultivar 0332121 with itself or another soybean variety. The invention      further relates to hybrid soybean seeds and plants produced by crossing      the cultivar 0332121 with another soybean cultivar. 
This invention relates to an isolated nucleic acid fragment encoding an      enzyme involved in lipid biosynthesis. The invention also relates to the      construction of a chimeric gene encoding all or a portion of the enzyme      involved in lipid biosynthesis, in sense or antisense orientation, wherein      expression of the chimeric gene results in production of altered levels of      the enzyme involved in lipid biosynthesis in a transformed host cell. 
The invention provides isolated auxin-responsive transcriptional regulatory      elements and polynucleotides associated therewith. The present invention      provides methods and compositions related to altering gene expression in      plants. The invention further provides recombinant expression cassettes,      host cells, and transgenic plants. 
The invention features methods for identifying compounds useful for the      treatment of Alzheimer s disease. 
A method and structure stores and/or transmits and receives data in      compressed form. Retrieval latencies are reduced by selectively      transmitting a portion of the data in uncompressed form. When the      apparatus is part of a computer architecture supporting main memory      compression, a selected L2 cache line belonging to the unit of main memory      compression is kept uncompressed. To minimize decompression latency, the      uncompressed L2 cache line is stored with the compressed-memory directory.      Alternatively, the uncompressed L2 cache line is stored in the compressed      memory together with the rest of the memory compression unit it belongs      to. 
A disposable absorbent article, e.g., a diaper, having a top sheet, a back      sheet, a core and a fluid acquisition system. The fluid acquisition system      is formed by wrapping a layer of a non-woven material about the core, so      that the marginal edge portions of the layer overlap each other over the      upper surface of the core. The overlapping marginal edge portions are      hydrophillic to form a dual layer fluid acquisition system. The remainder      of the layer of non-woven material is hydrophobic. An additional layer can      be located adjacent the overlapping portions to form a three layer      acquisition system. 
