A wound dressing comprising an absorbent pad, an adhesive layer, and a      backing layer is described, along with a dressing support layer configured      to retain and deliver the wound dressing to a wound, the dressing support      layer having a radial configuration that forms a plurality of alternating      covered and uncovered portions of the backing layer along the perimeter of      the wound dressing. 
A process is described for co-producing metaxylene and paraxylene from a      hydrocarbon feed comprising two separation steps. The first step of the      process is a counter-current simulated moving bed system in a      chromatographic column containing at least five zones, comprising      injecting the feed and injecting a desorbent and delivering an extract, a      raffinate and an intermediate raffinate either continuously or      discontinuously. The extract is distilled to obtain a paraxylene with a      purity of at least 99.7%. The raffinate, which is richer in metaxylene, is      distilled to extract the desorbent and injected into a counter-current      simulated moving bed continuously delivering an extract and a raffinate.      One of these two streams is enriched in metaxylene. The most      metaxylene-rich stream is distilled to obtain metaxylene with a purity of      more than 99%. 
This invention is directed to a method of removing acetaldehyde, CO.sub.2      and/or water from an ethylene and/or propylene containing stream. In this      invention, acetaldehyde and C.sub.4 + olefins are substantially removed      from the ethylene and/or propylene containing stream. The stream is then      acid gas treated. The ethylene and/or propylene streams which are      separated and recovered according to this invention can be further      processed, for example, to make polymers such as polyethylene and      polypropylene. 
The invention is directed to a method for making a silicoaluminophosphate      (SAPO) molecular sieve from a reaction mixture comprising components      present in amounts sufficient to form the SAPO, the reaction mixture      having a first pH. The method comprises the steps of: adding an acid to      the reaction mixture after the reaction mixture undergoes a change in pH      from the first pH; and crystallizing the SAPO from the reaction mixture.      The present invention is also directed to a silicoaluminophosphate      molecular sieve made by this process. 
A palladium catalyzed cross-coupling of aryldiazonium salts with      organosilanes is disclosed. New reactions that are user friendly and      environmentally friendly are now possible, including some reactions that      could not be achieved using prior methods. The organosilanes that may be      cross-coupled with aryldiazonium salts include, for example,      Ar --Si(L).sub.3, where Ar =aryl, and where L.dbd.CH.sub.3, OCH.sub.3, F,      Cl, R, or OR. 
The present invention relates to compounds and derivatives thereof, their      synthesis, and their use as estrogen receptor modulators. The compounds of      the instant invention are ligands for estrogen receptors and as such may      be useful for treatment or prevention of a variety of conditions related      to estrogen functioning including: bone loss, bone fractures,      osteoporosis, cartilage degeneration, endometriosis, uterine fibroid      disease, hot flashes, increased levels of LDL cholesterol, cardiovascular      disease, impairment of cognitive functioning, cerebral degenerative      disorders, restenosis, gynecomastia, vascular smooth muscle cell      proliferation, obesity, incontinence, and cancer, in particular of the      breast, uterus and prostate. 
An antimicrobial compound, composition containing such compound, and method      of use of the same for reducing the presence of microorganism on a      substrate or in a fluid environment comprising an antimicrobial effective      carrier and one or more essential antimicrobial compounds including      non-halogenated naphthol compounds. 
A highly pure 2,4,4,6-tetrabromo-2,5-cyclohexadienone has been prepared in      a single pot, eco-friendly procedure in yields of 91-94% from phenol. In      this method, a mixture of alkali/alkaline earth metal bromide and      alkali/alkaline earth metal bromate was employed as brominating agent in      place of corrosive liquid bromine. The reaction between phenol and the      brominating reagent was initiated by the action of a mineral acid or      moderately strong organic acid. The crude product was further      characterized by standard analytical and spectroscopic methods. 
An integer coding method supporting diverse frame sizes and a coder-decoder      (CODEC) implementing the method are provided. Maximum sample values are      detected from a plurality of frames having different numbers of samples.      The detected maximum sample values are normalized on the basis of a      maximum sample value of the largest frame. A maximum sample value is      detected from the normalized sample values. Multiples are determined      according to the size of each frame on the basis of the detected maximum      sample value and a sample value of each frame is multiplied by the      multiples to generate an integer code. 
The present invention relates to an improved process for the synthesis of      enantiomerically pure 3-phenyl-3-hydroxypropylamine of formula I; more      particularly the present invention relates to the said process using      styrene;        STR1   the synthetic strategy features a Sharpless asymmetric dihydroxylation      (SAD) route to the target compound, using styrene, a readily accessible      starting material gives the optically pure dihydroxy compound (ee &gt;97%;      the selective monotosylation of primary alcohol, nucleophilic displacement      by cyano and subsequent reduction to amino group furnishes the desired      3-phenyl-3-hydroxypropylamine in enatiomerically pure form, a key      intermediate in the synthesis of variety of oxetine related      anti-depressant drugs. 
1. A peptide derivative represented by the following formula (1) or a salt      thereof;        STR1   wherein R.sup.1 is hydrogen atom or methyl group, R.sup.2 is hydrogen atom      or hydroxy group and n is an integer of 1-8, provided that R.sup.1 is      hydrogen atom when R.sup.2 is hydrogen atom, which has specific and high      binding affinity with the .mu.-opioid receptor. 
The invention relates to a process for obtaining anhydrous or substantially      anhydrous formic acid in which, during the work-up, a compound of the      general formula I        STR1   where the radicals R1 and R2 are alkyl, cycloalkyl, aryl or aralkyl groups,      or R1 and R2 jointly, together with the N atom, form a heterocyclic 5- or      6-membered ring, and only one of the radicals is an aryl group, and where      R3 is hydrogen or a C1-C4-alkyl group, is employed simultaneously as extractant for formic acid and as antifoam      for a distillation process. 
The present invention relates to a process for preparing (cyclo)aliphatic      diisocyanates and triisocyanates corresponding to the formula wherein     R represents a (cyclo)aliphatic hydrocarbon group having up to 15 carbon      atoms, provided that there are at least two carbon atoms between two      nitrogens,     n represents the number 2 or 3, by     a) separately heating phosgene and a diamine or triamine corresponding to      the formula 
Processes are disclosed for the manufacture of lactones, e.g.,      caprolactone, from hydoxy acids, e.g., 6-hydroxycaproic acid. The reaction      is conducted over a suitable catalyst in the presence of water. 
A process for preparing functional group-containing olefinic compounds      comprises the steps of (a) reacting at least one alkylidene phosphorane      with at least one carbonyl-containing compound that comprises at least one      group that is a leaving group, or that is capable of subsequent conversion      to a leaving group, to form an olefinic compound that comprises at least      one leaving group, the carbonyl-containing compound being selected from      the group consisting of ketones and aldehydes; and (b) reacting the      olefinic compound with at least one functional group-containing      nucleophile to form a functional group-containing olefinic compound. 
The invention relates to a process for the preparation, in a single step,      of enones by an aldol condensation of a ketone, such as a gem-dimethyl      cyclohexylethanone or gemdimethyl cyclohexenylethanone derivative, with an      aldehyde in the presence of a novel catalytic system and a co-ingredient,      such as a carboxylic acid anhydride or an anhydrous salt, and without the      pre-formation of an enolate. The catalytic system is a metal complex, such      as a [(Cl).sub.n (alkoxy).sub.4-n Ti] or [(Cl).sub.n (alkoxy).sub.4-n Zr]      complex where n is 1 to 3. 
A medicament comprising as an active ingredient a compound or a      physiologically acceptable salt thereof represented by general formula      (I):        STR1   wherein R.sup.1 represents a dicarba-closo-dodecaboran-yl which may be      substituted with a lower alkyl group, a lower alkenyl group, carboxyl      group or the like; R.sup.2 represents carboxyl group, a lower      alkoxycarbonyl group, or hydroxyl group; and X represents a single bond or      a linking group such as --CO--Y.sup.1 -- wherein Y.sup.1 represents oxygen      or --N(R.sup.3)-- wherein R.sup.3 represents hydrogen or a lower alkyl. 
This invention relates to copper(+1)(.beta.-diketonate)(L) and related      copper complexes such as copper (+1)(.beta.-ketoiminate)(L) represented by      the formula:        STR1   wherein X represents O or NR.sub.9, R.sub.1 and R.sub.3 are each      independently comprised of the group C.sub.1-8 alkyl, C.sub.1-8      fluoroalkyl, aryl, C.sub.1-8 alkoxy, and C.sub.1-8 alkyl ethers and      R.sub.2 is H, C.sub.1-8 alkyl, C.sub.1-8 alkoxy, and halogen, R.sub.9 is      C.sub.1-8 alkyl, C.sub.1-8 fluoroalkyl, phenyl, alkylphenyl,      trialkylsilyl, and L represents a ligand having the structure: wherein R.sub.4, is comprised of the group C.sub.1-8 alkanol, C.sub.1-8      alkoxyalkanol, C.sub.1-8 unsaturated alkoxyalkanol, trialkylsilanol,      C.sub.1-8 aalkylamine, phenylamine; R.sub.5, R.sub.6, and R.sub.7 are      comprised of the group H, C.sub.1-8 alkyl, triakylsilyl, alkoxy or phenyl. 
A continuous process for the epoxidation of olefins with hydrogen peroxide      in the presence of a heterogeneous catalyst promoting the epoxidation      reaction, whereby the aqueous reaction mixture contains i) an olefin; ii)      hydrogen peroxide; iii) less than 100 wppm of alkali metals, earth alkali      metals, both irrespective whether in ionic, complex or covalently bonded      form, bases or cations of bases having a pk.sub.B of less than 4.5, or      combinations thereof; and, iv) at least 100 wppm of bases or cations of      bases having a pk.sub.B of at least 4.5 or combinations thereof, whereby      the wppm are based on the total weight of hydrogen peroxide in the      reaction mixture. 
A method and apparatus to perform sample rate conversion using multiple      Multiply-Accumulate (MAC) units are described. 
Process for manufacturing oxirane by reaction of an olefin with a peroxide      compound in the presence of a catalyst and a solvent in at least two      reactors arranged in series, each of which contains a portion of catalyst,      according to which the peroxide compound is introduced only into the first      reactor, the subsequent reactor(s) not being fed with fresh peroxide      compound, but only with the peroxide compound which is present in the      medium obtained from the preceding reactor and which was not consumed in      this preceding reactor. 
A titanium-containing silicon oxide molded catalyst satisfying all of the      following conditions (1) to (4):     (1) an average pore diameter is 10 .ANG. or more,     (2) 90% or more of the whole pore volume have pore diameters of 5 to 200      .ANG.,     (3) a specific pore volume is 0.2 cm.sup.3 /g or more, and     (4) it is obtained by using as a template a quaternary ammonium ion of the      following general formula (I) or an amine of the following general formula      (II), then, removing the template. (in the formula (I), R.sup.1 represents a linear or branched hydrocarbon      group having 2 to 36 carbon atoms, and R.sup.2 to R.sup.4 represent an      alkyl group having 1 to 6 carbon atoms.) (in the formula (II), R.sup.5 represents a linear or branched hydrocarbon      group having 2 to 36 carbon atoms, and R.sup.6 and R.sup.7 represent      hydrogen or an alkyl group having 1 to 6 carbon atoms.). 
A process for converting paclitaxel or docetaxel to the respective      trihydrate characterized by very high purity, comprises dissolving either      paclitaxel or docetaxel in a mixture of alkane and chlorinated alkane to      provide a crude product of 65-75% assay and dissolving the crude product      in an alkyl ketone, followed by addition of an alkane to provide a product      of increased chromatographic purity; dissolving the product of increased      chromatographic purity in an aliphatic nitrile, with addition of water to      precipitate taxane trihydrate. 
Plastic additives which are useful as nucleating agents and which are      especially useful for improving the optical properties of polymeric      materials are provided. More particularly, this invention relates to      certain alkyl (or alkoxy) substituted fluoro-benzylidene sorbitol acetals      and polymer compositions thereof which may be utilized within, as merely      examples, food or cosmetic containers and packaging. These inventive      fluorinated and alkylated benzylidene sorbitol acetals are also useful as      gelling agents for water and organic solvents, particularly those used in      the preparation of antiperspirant gel sticks. 
An optically active N-protected azetidine-2-carboxylic acid (5) can be      produced by preparing an optically active 4-amino-2-halobutyric acid (3)     by halogenating an optically active 3-hydroxy-2-pyrrolidinone (1) with      inversion of configuration to prepare an optically active      3-halo-2-pyrrolidinone (2) followed by hydrolysis or     by halogenating an optically active 4-amino-2-hydroxybutyric acid ester (6)      with inversion of configuration to prepare an optically active      4-amino-2-halobutyric acid ester (7) followed by hydrolysis or     by halogenating the compound (6) with inversion of configuration to prepare      the compound (7), cyclizing the same to prepare the compound (2) followed      by hydrolysis,     further cyclizing the compound (3) followed by treating the reaction      product with an amino group-protecting agent. The thus-obtained compound      (5) can be improved its optical purity further by recrystallization        STR1   
Lovastatin, pravastatin, simvastatin, mevastatin, atorvastatin, and      derivatives and analogs thereof are known as HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors      and are used as antihypercholesterolemic agents. The majority of them are      produced by fermentation using microorganisms of different species      identified as species belonging to Aspergillus, Monascus, Nocardia,      Amycolatopsis, Mucor or Penicillium genus, some are obtained by treating      the fermentation products using the methods of chemical synthesis or they      are the products of total chemical synthesis. The present invention      relates to the new amine salts of HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors, the      preparation thereof, the preparation of pure HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors      via amine salts thereof, use of the amine salts of HMG-CoA reductase      inhibitors in the process for semisynthetic preparation of HMG-CoA      reductase inhibitors, use of the amine salts of HMG-CoA reductase      inhibitors in the process for biotechnological modification of HMG-CoA      reductase inhibitors as well as the conversion of the amine salts of      HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors into the pharmaceutically acceptable salts of      the HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors and the conversion of the amine salts of      HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors into the HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors in the      lactone form. 
Carboxylic acid amides of general formula        STR1   having an antithrombotic activity and a factor Xa-inhibiting activity.      Exemplary are:     (a)      N-[1-(3-amidino-phenyl)-2-(1H-tetrazol-5-yl)-ethyl]-4-(2,5-dihydro-pyrrol-     1-yl-carbonyl)-3-methyl-benzamide,     (b)      N-[1-(3-amidino-phenyl)-2-(1H-tetrazol-5-yl)-ethyl]-3-methyl-4-(pyrrolidin     -1-yl-carbonyl)-benzamide,     (c)      N-[1-(5-amidino-2-hydroxy-phenyl)-2-phenyl-ethyl]-3-methyl-4-(pyrrolidin-1     -yl-carbonyl)-benzamide, and     (d)      N-[1-(5-amidino-2-hydroxy-phenyl)-2-(pyridin-3-yl)-ethyl]-3-methyl-4-(pyrr     olidin-1-yl-carbonyl)-benzamide. 
Compounds of the formula (I) in which the substituents are as defined in      claim 1 are suitable for use as herbicides        STR1   
Substituted monocyclopentadienyl, monoindenyl, monofluorenyl and      heterocyclopentadienyl complexes of chromium, molybdenum or tungsten in      which at least one of the substituents on the cyclopentadienyl ring      carries a donor function which is bonded rigidly, not exclusively via      sp.sup.3 -hybridized carbon or silicon atoms, and a process for the      polymerization of olefins. 
This invention relates to a process for the synthesis and method of use of      an effective amount of a creatine heterocyclic acid salt for the      regulation athletic function in humans. 
A method an apparatus for symmetric line coding is provided where a binary      input signal d is received; a value for each of a pair of binary bits p      and q are dynamically defined in response to the input stream; and a pair      of output bitstreams v.sub.1 and v.sub.2 are dynamically generated in      accordance with the following: if d=1, then v.sub.1 =p and v.sub.2 =p, and      if d=0, then v.sub.1 =(1-q) and v.sub.2 =q. In illustrative embodiments of the invention, the generation may be      performed by symmetric-line coding machines, including: a bitstream      symmetric line coding machine, a regular bitstream symmetric line coding      machine, a complementary regular bitstream symmetric line coding machine,      a binary complementary regular symmetric line coding machine, a bitstream      parallel symmetric line coding machine, a regular bitstream parallel      symmetric line coding machine, a complementary regular bitstream parallel      symmetric line coding machine, and a binary complementary regular parallel      symmetric line coding machine. 
Primary intermediates for hair coloring compositions for oxidative dyeing      of hair are compounds of the formula (1):        STR1   where R.sub.1, and R.sub.2 are each individually selected from a hydrogen      atom, a C.sub.1 to C.sub.3 alkyl group, a C.sub.1 to C.sub.5 mono or      dihydroxyalkyl group; phenyl or benzyl optionally substituted with an      alkoxy group, or R.sub.1 and R.sub.2 together with the nitrogen atom to      which they are attached form a piperazine, piperidine, imidazole, or      morpholine ring. 
The invention relates to the use of morpholino-nucleosides of formula:        STR1   in which R.sup.1 represents a nucleic base and R.sup.2 represents a group      corresponding to one of the following formulae:     --(CH.sub.2).sub.n --NH.sub.2 --(CH.sub.2).sub.n --SH     --(CH.sub.2).sub.n --COOH --(CH.sub.2).sub.n --OH     --(CH.sub.2).sub.n --NH--R.sup.3 --(CH.sub.2).sub.n S--R.sup.3     --(CH.sub.2).sub.n --CO--R.sup.3 --(CH.sub.2).sub.n --OR.sup.3     in which n is an integer ranging from 1 to 12 and R.sup.3 is a group      derived from a label, from a protein, from an enzyme, from a fatty acid or      from a peptide, as chain terminators in a process of DNA or RNA sequencing      by the Sanger method, or for the labelling of DNA or RNA fragments. 
Purine phosphodiesterase 7 (PDE 7) inhibitors of the following formulas        STR1   wherein R.sup.1, Z, Y and J are described herein, and analogs thereof are      provided which are useful in treated T-cell mediated diseases. R.sup.2 is      defined by the following     (a) heteroaryl, or heterocyclo, either of which may be optionally      substituted with one to three groups T.sup.1, T.sup.2, T.sup.3 ;     (b) aryl substituted with one to three groups T.sup.1, T.sup.2, T.sup.3      provided that at least one of T.sup.1, T.sup.2, T.sup.3 is other than H;      or     (c) aryl fused to a heteroaryl or heterocyclo ring wherein the combined      ring system may be optionally substituted with one to three groups      T.sup.1, T.sup.2, T.sup.3. 
Disclosed are novel pyrazolobenzodiazepines having the formula        STR1   These compounds are useful in the preparation of the      pyrazolobenzodiazepines of formula I, which are useful in the treatment      and control of solid tumors. 
The present invention is directed, in general, to a method for making high      yields of functionalized cyclic or acyclic tertiary amine-containing      compounds, termed active esters, the functionalized compounds themselves,      and diagnostic or therapeutic systems incorporating such compounds. Ester      groups are attached to all but one of its Nitrogen atoms of the tertiary      amine-containing compound. Therefore, an active agent, in the presence of      coupling agent, attaches to the remaining amine via a carboxylate group      attached to the amine, to produce high yields of the active ester. The      active ester is then combined with a biomolecule, to produce high yields      of a bioconjugated product. A metal ion may be chelated to the      bioconjugated product to produce a chelating agent for use in either      diagnostic or therapeutic applications. 
This invention provides nucleic acid sequences, vectors and host cells      comprising regulatory regions associated with various promoters including      a cyclin D1 promoter, a CD40L promoter, three HBV promoters (core, pre-S1      and HBV-X), a vancomycin-resistant enterococci (VRE) promoter, an androgen      receptor promoter, a Her2 promoter, and .beta.-lactamase promoter. The      invention further provides methods of regulating gene expression      comprising the regulatory regions of such promoters. 
Disclosed are Hansenula polymorpha mutants useful as host cells through      which various proteins can be produced as being intact at high yield and a      process for preparing recombinant proteins using the host cells. Using      various vectors, Hansenula polymorpha is made to be a mutant which is      deprived of methanol assimilating ability and incapable of utilizing      methanol as a carbon source. This Hansenula polymorpha mutant is used as a      high yield host to produce recombinant proteins without continuous feeding      of methanol, with the aid of an expression cassette carrying a promoter      capable of inducing the expression at a low concentration of methanol.      Further, the mutant is also lacking in carboxypeptidase Y, protease Y      and/or carboxypeptidase a activity, so the recombinant protein of interest      is not degraded at its carboxyl terminal when being expressed in the cell.      Thus, intact recombinant protein can be obtained. Also, there is disclosed      a pop-out technique in which a recombinant protein expression cassette is      inserted into a MOX gene site of the mutant and is allowed to pop out      therefrom, thereby utilizing the mutant as a host for general use in      producing various proteins of interest. 
The present invention relates to compositions and methods of treating and      diagnosing disorders characterized the by the presence of antigens      associated with inflammatory diseases and/or cancer, and nucleotide      sequences, including expressed sequence tags (ESTs), oligonucleotide      probes, polypeptides, vectors and host cells expressing such antigens      PRO301, PRO362 or PRO245. 
The invention relates to a polypeptide including (1) a receptor binding      domain of a Pseudomonas exotoxin A, and (2) at least two copies of a      peptide sequence. 
The present invention provides a unique approach for the diagnosis and      management of infections by Chlamydia species, particularly C. pneumoniae.      The invention is based, in part, upon the discovery that a combination of      agents directed toward the various stages of the chlamydial life cycle is      effective in substantially reducing infection. Products comprising      combination of antichlamydial agents, novel compositions and      pharmaceutical packs are also described. 
A method and apparatus for character entry and more particularly Chinese      character entry. The method improves the ease of entry for Chinese      characters on a device that has a keypad arrangement of at least a      3.times.3 matrix (106). For example wireless communication devices such as      radiotelephones have a keypad (108) for dialing phone numbers. Arranging      the Chinese characters on the device display in a 3.times.3 matrix to      match the at least 3.times.3 matrix of the keypad allows the user to      quickly select from the pin yin list (104) the key on the keypad that      corresponds to the desired character in the matching matrix. 
This application provides a human protein AMSH having the amino acid      sequence of SE ID No. 1 which is a novel signal transduction molecule      interacting with the SH3 domain of cytokine based signal transduction      molecule STAM; a gene encoding the above AMSH; a cDNA having the      nucleotide sequence of SEQ ID No. 2; and antibody against AMSH. 
The invention provides methods and compositions relating to Suppressor of      Death Domain (SODD) proteins which regulate cellular signal transduction      and transcriptional activation, and related nucleic acids. The      polypeptides may be produced recombinantly from transformed host cells      from the disclosed SODD encoding nucleic acids or purified from human      cells. The invention provides isolated SODD hybridization probes and      primers capable of specifically hybridizing with the disclosed SODD genes,      SODD-specific binding agents such as specific antibodies, and methods of      making and using the subject compositions in diagnosis, therapy and in the      biopharmaceutical industry. 
Highly purified Pluripotent hematopoietic colony-stimulating factor      (pluripotent CSF), a glycoprotein (MW 19,600) constitutively produced by      human tumor cells has been highly purified from low serum-containing      conditioned medium to apparant homogeneity. Pluripotent CSF supports the      growth of human mixed colonies (CFU-GEMM), granulocyte-macrophage colonies      (CFU-GM), early erythroid colonies (BFU-E) and induces differentiation of      human leukemic cells. The specific activity of the purified pluripotent      CSF in the CFU-GM assay is 1.5.times.10.sup.8 U/mg protein. 
An epimorphin protein having action to induce differentiation of milk      protein-producing cells into a branched luminal structure in Artiodactyls      including cows and sheep and comprising an amino acid sequence set forth      in SEQ ID NO: 1 in the Sequence Listing; and a gene encoding said protein      are provided. The epimorphin protein of the present invention can be used      as a medicament for Artiodactyls or an agent for modifying animal      properties. For example, the protein acts to enlarge the mammary gland of      cows or sheep to prevent the gland from clogging, thereby a yield of a      desired protein secreted in the milk of the animal is increased. 
The present invention refers to distamycin and derivatives thereof, such as      bromo- or chloro-acryloyl derivatives of distamycin, which are conjugated      with glutathione, to a process for their preparation and to pharmaceutical      compositions thereof. The compounds of the invention are endowed with a      remarkable antitumor activity and are thus useful in therapy in the      treatment of cancer. 
The invention relates to an aromatic liquid-crystalline polyester solution      composition comprising 100 parts by weight of a solvent (A) and 0.01 to      100 parts by weight of an aromatic liquid-crystalline polyester (B),      wherein the solvent (A) is a solvent containing 30% by weight or more of a      chlorine-substituted phenol compound represented by the following general      formula (I):        STR1   wherein A represents a hydrogen atom, a halogen atom or a tri-halogenated      methyl group, and i represents an integer of 1 or more and 4 or less, a      film obtained from the aromatic liquid-crystalline polyester, and a      process for producing the film. 
Chemical reactions are carried out with molten fluoropolymer, most      conveniently in an extruder, wherein the reaction zone in the extruder is      isolated from the melting zone, and the molten fluoropolymer is subdivided      in the reaction zone sufficiently that contact and reaction between the      reactant and the molten fluoropolymer in the reaction zone is essentially      free of mass transfer limitation, followed by devolatilization in      isolation from the reaction zone, and cooling the devolatilized      fluoropolymer. 
A polyol polymer having a greater number of hydroxy groups, an aliphatic      acid ester of a polyol polymer having a greater number of hydroxy groups,      and an aliphatic ether of a polyol polymer having a greater number of      hydroxy groups are provided. A polymer obtained by polymerizing a polyol      containing meso-erythritol, and an aliphatic acid ester and an aliphatic      ether of the polymer are provided. 
Polycarbonates are produced by reacting a monomeric carbonate component      with at least one diphenol or dialcohol in the presence of a      transesterification catalyst, wherein the molten component is mixed with      the transesterification catalyst by stirring and a transesterification      product is produced, which is polycondensated. For polycondensation, the      transesterification product is passed through a preliminary reactor, at      least one intermediate reactor and one final reactor, the reactors being      connected in series and having a substantially horizontal driven shaft      with stirrers attached thereto. It is ensured that in the preliminary      reactor and in the final reactor a dwell time of the melt of 5 minutes to      2 hours is maintained, that the temperatures in the preliminary reactor      are maintained in the range from 220 to 300.degree. C. and in the final      reactor in the range from 240 to 350.degree. C., and that the pressure in      the preliminary reactor is maintained in the range from 100 to 800 mbar      and in the final reactor in the range from 0.1 to 50 mbar. 
This invention relates to stable liquid modified diphenylmethane      diisocyanates which comprise a secondary amine based biuret modified      diphenylmethane diisocyanate having an NCO group content of about 12 to      about 30% by weight. The present invention also relates to stable liquid      biuret allophanate modified MDIs, to stable liquid prepolymers of biuret      modified MDIs, to stable liquid prepolymers of biuret allophanate modified      MDIs, and to processes for the preparation of these compositions. 

A keyboard (1) for use on an electronic device allowing input of both      alphabetic and numerical information adapted for use with a minimal number      of keys (2-73) and space. The keyboard includes numerical keys (39-41,      51-53, 63-65) arranged in the format used in telephones and a qwerty      arrangement of alphabetic keys (32-42, 44-54, 56-65). Multiple function      keys (67-69, 71) allow use to create all functions of a computer keyboard      for use in a small device. 
Siloxane-based polyamide elastomers can be prepared by heating a reaction      mixture containing an olefinic acid and an organic amine to form an      organic amide, and reacting the organic amide with a hydride functional      polyorganosiloxane in the presence of a hydrosilylation catalyst to form      the siloxane-based polyamide elastomer. The hydride functional      polyorganosiloxane contains at least one pendant hydrogen. The elastomers      are useful additives in personal care products and can be applied to the      hair, the skin, or the underarm. They can also be used to modify      thermoplastic nylons, and for treating woven and non-woven textiles, such      as air bags, carpeting, and apparel. 
The present invention provides an olefin polymer having a narrow molecular      weight distribution and a specific molecular weight, an olefin polymer      having a functional group introduced at the terminal, a tapered polymer      containing a segment wherein monomer composition continuously changes in      the polymer chain, an olefin polymer having different segments which are      bonded to each other, and a process for preparing these polymers. The      olefin polymers of the invention are polymers of olefins of 2 to 20 carbon      atoms and have a number-average molecular weight of not less than 500 and      Mw/Mn of not more than 1.5. In the process for preparing an olefin      polymer, an olefin of 2 to 20 carbon atoms is polymerized in the presence      of an olefin polymerization catalyst comprising a transition metal      compound represented by, for example, the following formula (I): wherein M is a transition metal atom of Group 3 to Group 11 of the periodic      table, m is 1 to 5, n is a number satisfying a valence of M, L is a ligand      coordinated to the central metal M and is a ligand containing a heteroatom      having no direct bond to the central metal, and X is a halogen atom, a      hydrocarbon group or the like. 
The present invention is directed to a method of forming a polymer      composition having quaternary alkane units and aromatic hydrocarbon units.      The aromatic hydrocarbon units have substituents of the general formula      R.sup.1 SiR.sup.2 R.sup.3 R.sup.4, wherein R.sup.1 is optional and is a      hydrocarbon or ether linking the silicon and the aromatic hydrocarbon, and      R.sup.2, R.sup.3, and R.sup.4 are one or more of hydrogen, alkyl, and      alkoxy, with the provision that no more than two may be hydrogen or alkyl. 
An objective of the present invention is to provide a hydrogenated modified      polymer which can afford a molded body excellent in improvement in the      balance among the impact resistance, the strength, the adherability and as      the appearance, and a process for producing the same as well as a      composition containing the same. Another objective is to provide a      composition which can afford a molded body excellent in the balance among      the flame retardancy, the tensile strength, the tensile extension, the      heat resistance, the characteristic at low temperature, the insulation      property, the pliability and the like. The hydrogenated modified polymer      of the invention is a hydrogenated polymer of a modified conjugated      diene-based polymer obtained by reacting an alkoxysilane compound to a      polymer which is polymerized a conjugated diene or a conjugated diene and      another monomer using an organic alkali metal compound as a polymerization      initiator in an inert organic solvent such as cyclohexane and the like.      The hydrogenated modified polymer composition of the invention contains      the above-mentioned hydrogenated modified polymer and at least one      selected from the group consisting of nonpolar polymer, polar polymer and      filler. 
The invention is directed to resin coating, adhesive, and cement      compositions comprising styrenic copolymers and a solvent comprised of a      terpene and certain high evaporation rate organic solvents. The high      evaporation rate terpene co-solvents reduce the drying times of applied      coatings and enhance the character of the ultimately applied coating in      the formation of high adhesion bonding with molded elastomeric styrene      copolymer surface substrates. The invention is also directed to a method      of applying the instant coatings to substrate surfaces. 
A substantially reactive and gel-free composition which comprises:     a. particles capable of reaction with a radiation curable resin;     b. a coupling agent for modification of the surface of said particles;     c. a radiation curable resin;     d. a radiation curable salt capable of inhibiting gel formation in said      composition. Upon radiation cure of the composition, composites with excellent      mechanical properties are obtained 
A process for the preparation of polyvinyl chloride (PVC) with controlled      molecular weight and molecular weight distribution is disclosed. The      polymerization reaction can be initiated by various organic halide      initiators in conjunction with a metal catalyst and an optional ligand in      organic solvents or water and in the presence of an optional comonomer.      The polymerization process provides PVC with a controlled molecular weight      and narrow molecular weight distribution. The chlorine containing polymers      compositions are useful as, among others, viscosity modifiers, impact      modifiers and compatibilizers. 
The present invention provides a catalytic system that can be used to      prepare by polymerization diene elastomers comprising polyisoprenes and      polybutadienes. The invention also provides a process for the preparation      of the catalytic system and to a process using the catalytic system to      prepare diene elastomers comprising polyisoprenes having a high cis-1,4      linkage content and polybutadienes. The catalytic system according to the      invention is based on (a) a conjugated diene monomer, (b) an organic      phosphoric acid salt of a rare earth metal, (c) an alkylating agent      consisting of an alkylaluminium of the formula AlR.sub.3 or HAlR.sub.2,      and (d) a halogen donor consisting of an alkylaluminium halide, and is      such that said salt is suspended in at least one inert and saturated      aliphatic or alicyclic hydrocarbon solvent and, the alkylating agent:rare      earth salt molar ratio ranges from 1 to 5. 
This invention provides catalyst compositions that are useful for      polymerizing at least one monomer to produce a polymer. This invention      also provides catalyst compositions that are useful for polymerizing at      least one monomer to produce a polymer, wherein said catalyst composition      comprises contacting an organometal compound, an organoaluminum compound,      and a solid, wherein said solid is selected from the group consisting of      titanium tetrafluoride, zirconium tetrafluoride, and a treated solid oxide      compound. 
The present invention is a process for transitioning from a first      polymerization catalyst system to a second polymerization catalyst system      incompatible with the first polymerization catalyst system in a gas-phase      reactor. The novel process comprises conducting a first polymerization      reaction using a first polymerization catalyst system; stopping the first      polymerization reaction; removing the contents of the first polymerization      reaction from the reactor while maintaining a substantially closed system;      then, in the substantially closed system, introducing a substantially      contaminant free seedbed into the reactor; introducing a second feed      system and a second catalyst system into the reactor; and conducting a      second polymerization reaction. 
The disclosure concerns an encoder for a position sensor, the encoder      having a multipole magnetic ring provided on its circumference with      alternating north poles and south poles for traveling past a measurement      cell that delivers a periodic signal corresponding to variation in the      intensity of the magnetic field delivered by the poles. 
Polymer solids are maintained in an intermediate pressure zone for a      desired polymer solids residence time and then transferred to a purge zone      or other lower pressure zone. An increase in the polymer solids residence      time in the intermediate pressure zone allows more diluent to flash or      separate, thereby avoiding or reducing the need for a low pressure flash      zone. A fluff chamber may be disposed between the intermediate pressure      zone and a lower pressure zone transporter tank may be used to transport      polymer solids after the intermediate pressure zone. 
The invention provides a method of making a number of different      multifunctional acrylic materials from a limited number of starting      materials. The method of the invention requires the product of a      masterbatch of an acrylic oligomer or polymer having two or more cyclic      carbonate functional groups. A first portion of the masterbatch is then      reacted with ammonia and a grafting material (c) in either successive or      simultaneous reactions to provide a first multifunctional acrylic oligomer      or polymer. Additional portions of the masterbatch may be reacted with      ammonia and other grafting materials (c), different from the first      grafting material (c), in either successive or simultaneous reactions to      provide different multifunctional acrylic oligomers or polymers. 
A polyester composition prepared by melting and blending a polyester with a      glycidyl ester compound, a glycidyl ether compound and a catalyst has good      hydrolysis resistance and, when melted, gives little gas generation and      undergoes little viscosity change. It is most favorable for parts of      automobile, electric and electronic appliances such as connectors. 
The invention provides multi-arm block copolymers useful as drug delivery      vehicles comprising a central core molecule, such as a residue of a      polyol, and at least three copolymer arms covalently attached to the      central core molecule, each copolymer arm comprising an inner hydrophobic      polymer segment covalently attached to the central core molecule and an      outer hydrophilic polymer segment covalently attached to the hydrophobic      polymer segment, wherein the central core molecule and the hydrophobic      polymer segment define a hydrophobic core region. The solubility of      hydrophobic biologically active agents can be improved by entrapment      within the hydrophobic core region of the block copolymer. The invention      further includes pharmaceutical compositions including such block      copolymers, methods of making such copolymers and pharmaceutical      compositions, and methods of using the block copolymers as drug delivery      vehicles. 
As an .alpha.-iminoester derivative that is stable under normal conditions      and a method of producing various .alpha.-aminoester derivatives using      them, a polymer-immobilized .alpha.-iminoester derivative represented by      the following general formula (1):        STR1   wherein R.sup.1 represents an alkyl chain of 1 or more carbons, and R.sup.2      represents a hydrogen atom, halogen atom, or an alkyl group, aryl group or      alkoxy group that may contain substituents, and a method of producing an      .alpha.-iminoester derivative using them are provided. 
A novel modified conjugated diene polymer is obtained by polymerizing a      conjugated diene compound with a specified catalyst consisting of      components (a)-(c) and then reacting with at least one specified compound      selected from the group consisting of components (d)-(l), and has a      content of cis-1,4-bond of not less than 85% and a ratio of weight average      molecular weight to number average molecular weight of not more than 4.      And also, a rubber composition comprises the modified conjugated diene      polymer a rubber ingredient. 
The process of the present invention provides for the manufacture of a      novel proton conductive polymer gel useful as backfill for sacrificial and      impressed current anode systems. The process of the present invention is      carried out in aqueous phase thus providing a cheaper option besides the      use of ingredients readily available in the international markets. The      polymer used as backfill is transformed into a proton conducting form in      the gelated network through an in-situ doping process during gelation. The      gel product produced can be sliced to sheet of any desired size suitable      and compatible to concrete or soil medium. The novelty of the product of      the present invention is that it can be used as backfill between any anode      such as sacrificial or impressed current mode and is adaptable to the      concrete surface both in the presence of moisture or absence of moisture,      which is not hitherto been achieved in prior art. Further, the specialty      of the utility of this product, is its compatibility with all the      sacrificial anodes such Mg, Al, Zn which is not hitherto been realized      with any of the earlier chemical backfill known for this application. 
The present invention provides a solid golf ball which gives a superior      shot feeling to the golfer and exhibits stabilized repulsion performance      when it is hit at any head speed. The solid golf ball of the present invention comprises a core containing at      least one layer which is molded by vulcanizing the rubber composition      including: (a) a base rubber, (b) a co-crosslinking agent, (c) an organic      peroxide, and (d) a polysulfide compound represented by the formula:        STR1   wherein at least one of R.sup.1 to R.sup.5 and at least one of R.sup.6 to      R.sup.10 are each Br, and n is an integer not less than 2. 
Compositions for injection-molding of long, thin-walled, one-piece squeeze      tubes include low-density polyethylene having a density less than about      0.925 g/cc and a melt index of at least about 50 g/10 minutes, and      polypropylene having a high melt index greater than about 800 g/10      minutes, wherein the high melt index is attained by peroxide degradation      of the polypropylene during melt processing. The compositions can also      include a polymer that is miscible and compatible with low-density      polyethylene and polypropylene for enhancing flow of the molding      composition in the mold, the polymer having a glass transition temperature      T.sub.g of about -20 to -40.degree. C., and/or metallocene resin having a      density less than about 0.915 g/cc. 
A propylene polymer composition comprising a propylene polymer prepared by      using a zirconocene catalyst having two aryl-substituted indenyl group and      having a melt flow rate (MFR) of 0.01 to 30 g/10 min and a second      propylene polymer prepared by using a zirconocene catalyst having a melt      flow rate (MFR) of 30 to 1,000 g/10 min and, if desired, a soft polymer, a      ratio of the MFR of the second propylene polymer to the MFR of the second      propylene polymer being not less than 30. These propylene polymer      compositions are excellent in heat resistance, mechanical strength,      tensile elongation at break, etc., and hence they can be favorably used      for various structural materials such as those of automobile and      electrical appliances, daily necessaries, various films and sheets. 
A parking system of a vehicle is disclosed. The parking system is connected      with a position input connection, for receiving vehicle position      information from a positioning system. The system comprises a map database      for extracting map information related to parking information for at least      one of a current parking section and a nearby area, based on the vehicle      position information, and an output connection for providing, based on the      extracted parking information, an alerting signal indicating the extracted      parking information. 
The present invention relates to a new dispersant composition used for      preparing ink for ink-jet, which provides long term fluidity at a fine      injection nozzle of ink-jet, shows a stable injection amount, and gives no      coagulation of pigment particles when ink for ink-jet is applied. 
Adhesives useful for adhering fluoropolymers are provided. The adhesives      are a blend of linear low density polyethylene, ethylene polymer      plastomer, polyolefin elastomer and modified polyolefin having acid or      acid derivative functionality. Composite fluoropolymer/adhesive structures      are also provided. 
A golf ball comprising a core, a cover, and at least one intermediate layer      disposed between the core and the cover, wherein the core has a      compression of less than about 60 and the intermediate layer is formed      from a blend comprising a polyurethane material, wherein the golf ball has      a compression of about 75 to about 85. 
A thermoplastic molding composition comprising A) at least one member      selected from the group consisting of polycarbonate and polyestercarbonate      and B) a phosphorus compound is disclosed. The composition wherein A) is a      mixture of (A.1) 99.9 to 40 wt. % of branched member, and (A.2) 0.1 to 60      wt. % of linear member, is characterized by high melt stability and      improved mechanical properties, particularly improved stress crack      resistance under the effect of chemicals and a higher notched impact      resistance. The composition is especially suitable for producing profiles,      films or sheets of any type in an extrusion process. 
The present invention provides methods for producing an ethylene-vinyl      acetate copolymer and a saponified product thereof that can inhibit      visible imperfections (particularly discoloration) at the time of molding      by improving the process for recovering vinyl acetate. When the      alcohol-based solvent to be blown in when recovering vinyl acetate is      deoxidized so that its oxygen concentration becomes not more than 60 ppm,      discoloration of a molded product of the above saponified product due to      oxygen can be inhibited. 
The present invention relates to a water dispersible polyisocyanate      composition comprising     (a) an aliphatic polyisocyanate or a mixture of aliphatic polyisocyanates      or a mixture of aliphatic polyisocyanates with other polyisocyanates; and     (b) a reaction product of component (a) with a component selected from the      group consisting of:     (ii) a polyether diol or triol or a mixture thereof wherein a weight ratio      of ethylene oxide (EO) to propylene oxide (PO) of the polyether diol and      triol is greater than about 60:40, and the polyether diol has a molecular      weight of about 300 to 1600 g/mole, and the polyether triol has a      molecular weight of about 450 to 2400 g/mole; and     (ii) a mixture of polyether monol and polyether polyol, wherein the      polyether polyol is selected from the group consisting of polyether diol,      triol and a mixture thereof wherein a weight ratio of EO to PO of the      polyether monol, diol and triol is greater than about 60:40, and the      polyether diol and triol have the molecular weights as defined above. 
The invention relates to a process for the preparation of esters of      (meth)acrylic acid by (trans)esterifying (meth)acrylic acid or its ester      derivatives with monohydric or polyhydric alcohols in the presence of an      acidic (trans)esterification catalyst, wherein said process after the      formation of the esters of (meth)acrylic acid further comprises reacting      remaining acid groups with one or more component(s), wherein at least one      component forms with at least said catalyst an ester compound not having a      .beta.-hydroxy group or forms an amid compound. The component that reacts      with the acidic (trans)esterification catalyst preferably is selected from      the group consisting of an oxetane component or derivative, an ortho-ester      component, an alcohol component or any mixture thereof. 
A polymer produced by polymerizing via water-in-oil emulsion polymerization      one or more water soluble monomers with one or more polyalkoxylated      monomers wherein said one or more polyalkoxylated monomers contains at      least 25 alkylene oxide units and wherein said product demonstrates      thermothickening properties, its method of manufacture and use thereof is      disclosed. 
A golf ball 1 has a core 2, a cover 3, a mark layer 4, and a finishing coat      layer 5. An ink used for the mark layer 4 includes an isocyanate curing      agent that contains a diisocyanate trimer, a base material, and a      colorant. Preferred curing agent contains an isophorone diisocyanate      trimer. The ink includes a diisocyanate curing agent at equal to or      greater than 1% by weight and equal to or less than 20% by weight,      calculated on the basis of the solid content. The base material includes a      polymer having a hydroxyl group as a principal component. The NCO/OH      value, which is a ratio of isocyanate groups of the isocyanate curing      agent and hydroxyl groups of the base material, is equal to or greater      than 0.5 and equal to or less than 2.0. The mark layer 4 may be printed on      a base coat layer, alternatively, may be printed on a crosslinked rubber.      This ink has excellent adhesiveness to a base. 
A cold shrink article including a fluoroelastomer composition comprising a      first fluoroterpolymer having a weight average molecular weight centered      from about 10.sup.7 to about 10.sup.8. A second fluoroterpolymer included      in the fluoroelastomer composition has a weight average molecular weight      centered at 10.sup.4. The first fluoroterpolymer combines with the second      fluoroterpolymer to provide a mixed terpolymer. Other components of the      fluoroelastomer composition include a processing aid, a filler, an oil,      and a curative. The fluoroelastomer composition upon curing at an elevated      temperature provides the cold shrink article that has a permanent set      value of 21% or less. 
A traffic signal control system employing universal coordinated time of GPS      as time base. The control system includes a core system for receiving      Universal Coordinated Time (UTC) data of GPS and incorporating longitude      and latitude data so as to convert the data to local time. This time is      used as common time base for all traffic signal system. The control system      further comprises a basic input/output system and a selective secondary      system. The present system is a high stability disperse type traffic      signal control system. 
This invention relates to a pneumatic rubber tire having a circumferential      rubber tread of a lug and groove configuration which extends to a      substantial portion an adjacent rubber sidewall and is designed to be      ground-contacting. Said lug and groove configured portion of said sidewall      is of a rubber composition comprised of a blend of cis 1,4-polyisoprene      natural rubber and cis 1,4-polybutadiene rubber which contains      reinforcement as carbon black, starch/plasticizer composite and aggregates      of participated silica together with a coupling agent. Said      circumferential rubber tread is of a rubber composition comprised of at      least one diene-based rubber together with carbon black reinforcement and      is exclusive of starch and precipitated silica. 
A resin composition for automotive exterior applications, which comprises      50 to 70% by weight of crystalline propylene-ethylene block copolymer, 18      to 25% by weight of elastomeric polymer and 15 to 25% by weight of      inorganic filler. The elastomeric polymer is a mixture of a copolymer      rubber produced from ethylene and an .alpha.-olefin having 6 or more      carbon atoms, an ethylene-.alpha.-olefin-nonconjugated polyene random      copolymer, and a hydrogenated styrene-conjugated diene block copolymer.      This resin composition exhibits excellent processibility, and possesses      good balance of physical properties including flexural modulus, impact      resistance, hardness and brittleness temperature. The moldings fabricated      from it gives good appearance free of any remarkable flow mark or weld      mark on the surface. 
A phenolic resin composite material includes a phenolic resin, a filler      dispersed in the phenolic resin and being a reinforcement member and an      organized layered clay mineral being different from the filler and      dispersed uniformly in the phenolic resin. The phenolic resin composite      material is improved in terms of the heat resistance as well as the      mechanical strengths. 
A polyolefin-based nanocomposite and a method of preparing the same are      disclosed. The polyolefin-based nanocomposite is prepared by melt kneading      a mixture including (A) 40-99.8% by weight of a matrix polymer of      polyolefin; (B) 0.1-30% by weight of a polyolefin compatilizer containing      polar reactive groups; and (C) 0.1-30% by weight of a layered clay      material having a quaternary ammonium ion bonded to the surface thereof.      The quaternary ammonium ion contains (I) at least one alkyl group having      at least 15 carbon atoms; and (ii) a substitutent having      --Si--O--Si--linkage and at least one terminal reactive group. 
Processes for utilizing various emulsion polymerization procedures for      preparing aqueous nanocomposite dispersions are disclosed. The disclosed      processes include both in-situ polymerizations in the presence of at least      partially exfoliated unmodified clays as well as admixtures of polymer      dispersions with at least partially exfoliated unmodified clay      dispersions. The disclosed nanocomposite dispersions are useful for      preparing a variety of materials, such as coatings, adhesives, caulks,      sealants, plastics additives, and thermoplastic resins. Processes for      preparing polymer clay nanocomposite powders and use of these powders as      plastic resin and plastics additives are also disclosed. 
According to the present invention, provided is a cationically      electrodepositable coating material comprising a resin for a cationically      electrodepositable coating material, a hydrotalcite-like solid solution      having a specific composition and, if necessary, a basic bismuth compound      and/or an organic acid salt thereof. Such cationically electrodepositable      coating material forms a coating film which is excellent in performances      such as an edge corrosion-preventive property, a throwing power, a      chemical resistance and a smoothness without adding harmful substances      such as lead compounds and chromium compound. 
A coating fluid for forming a coating on a support for use in inkjet      printing comprises a liquid medium having dispersed therein (a) an      inorganic oxide selected from aluminium oxide and silica, (b) a binder      polymer, and (c) a polymeric crosslinking agent containing functional      groups for reaction with the inorganic oxide. The components (a), (b) and      (c) are preferably dispersed in an aqueous liquid and the relative amounts      of inorganic oxide to polymeric crosslinking agent are from 500:1 to 15:1      preferably 250:1 to 20:1, the relative amounts of inorganic oxide to      binder polymer are from 50:1 to 2:1 preferably 20:1 to 4:1 and the      relative amounts of binder polymer to polymeric crosslinking agent are      from 40:1 to 2:1 preferably from 20:1 to 3:1 the amounts being by weight      on a dry basis. 
The invention provides polymeric matrices and films comprising fixation      reagents that are capable of reacting with solubilized metals to form less      soluble metal compounds. The fixation reagenst may include inorganic      sulfides and phosphates, as well as adsorbents. The polymeric matrices may      be comprised of polyvinyl alcohols and polyvinyl acetates. In some      embodiments, the polymeric matrix is selected to be at least as soluble as      the selected fixation reagent, particularly under the conditions in which      the matrix is expected to come into contact with the solublized metal. 
A resin composition useful for wire and cable covering material is formed      by compounding a phosphate ester retardant, boron phosphate, and zinc      borate hydrate with a polyphenylene ether group resin or a combination of      a polyphenylene ether group resin and an aromatic vinyl group resin, in a      specific ratio. 
Provided is a flame-retardant polycarbonate resin composition comprising      (A) 100 parts by weight of a polycarbonate resin, (B) from 0.2 to 10 parts      by weight of a core/shell type, grafted rubbery elastomer, (C) from 0.02      to 5 parts by weight of an organic alkali metal salt and/or an organic      alkaline earth metal salt, and (D) from 0.02 to 3 parts by weight of a      polyfluoro-olefin resin. Not containing a halogen compound for flame      retardation, it has good flame retardancy, and its moldability, impact      resistance, thermal stability, wet heat resistance and recyclability are      all good. 
An attachment for a traffic signal having a housing for fitting over one of      the normal lights, herein the green light, of the signal and overriding      the normal sequence in response to preemptive emergency signals, and a      electro-optically responsive data display panel on the housing to provide      clear and direct instructional messages to motorists as to the appropriate      actions to be taken. A first embodiment overrides the normal green light      with a reflective electro-optically responsive panel overlying the normal      green light to become opaque in response to the emergency signals, with a      red light source outside the panel that is activated to produce red      reflected light. A second embodiment replaces the normal green (or      alternatively yellow or red) signal with a panel of light-emitting      elements (LEDs) that have one group capable of providing the normal green      signals and a second group that are capable of providing graphic      instructions in response to emergency signals. In both embodiments, the      display panels provide alternate selections such as STOP or a halt      symbol as one selection and an arrow or chevron pattern, with RIGHT or      an abbreviation as a second selection. 
A mixture having good thermal stability, flow and moldability and suitable      as a golf ball-forming material is obtained when a resinous component      including a base resin of an ionomer resin or resins and optionally a      non-ionomer thermoplastic elastomer is blended with specific proportions      of a fatty acid and/or fatty acid derivative and a basic inorganic metal      compound capable of neutralizing acidic groups left unneutralized in the      base resin and fatty acid. Using the same material, high-rebound golf      balls can be effectively manufactured. 
An adhesive composition and tapes utilizing the adhesive compositions are      disclosed. A tape utilizing the adhesive composition of the present      invention particularly suitable for use in closure systems associated with      air ducts and air connectors is disclosed. A composition particularly      suitable for use as an antioxidant in adhesive compositions is disclosed. 
