A method of producing a printed substrate so as to improve the adhesion,      colorfastness and washfastness of either reactive or acid dye-based ink      jet inks printed onto the substrate, the method includes the steps of      providing a substrate, treating the substrate with an aqueous coating      formulation comprising a cationic polymer or copolymer, a fabric softener,      treating the substrate of step with an imbibing aqueous solution of either      urea, and an ingredient selected from sodium bicarbonate, sodium carbonate      or combinations thereof, or ammonium sulfate, drying the substrate,      printing on the substrate with either an acid or reactive dye-based ink,      depending on the coating and post treating the printed substrate. 
The present invention relates to a flame retardant thermoplastic resin      composition that comprises (A) about 40 to 95 parts by weight of a rubber      modified styrene-containing resin, (B) about 5 to 60 parts by weight of      polyphenylene ether resin, (C) about 2 to 30 parts by weight of a      styrene-containing copolymer resin having about 5 to 18 % by weight of      acrylonitrile in the copolymer per 100 parts by weight of the sum of (A)      and (B), (D) about 0.5 to 20 parts by weight of an oxaphospholane compound      per 100 parts by weight of the sum of (A) and (B), and (E) about 0 to 30      parts by weight of a phosphoric acid ester compound per 100 parts by      weight of the sum of (A) and (B). 
Method and device for reprocessing a thermoplastic polycondensate, in      particular for the recycling of thermoplastic polycondensates, such as      polyethylene terephthalate, polyester or polyamide is provided. The      polycondensate is introduced into an extruder in a solid state. The      polycondensate is then heated to a temperature below melting temperature      and degassed or dried at below atmospheric pressure or with an inert gas      added. Preferably, to prevent the polycondensate flakes from escaping      through a degassing opening, a conveying device is used to convey the      escaping flakes back into the extruder. The dried flakes are then melted. 
A Rubber Composition is provided that comprises a rubber and a composite      pigment composition, with the composite pigment including a dense      inorganic material and silica. The pigment composition is characterized by      a CTAB surface area of greater than about 20 m.sup.2 /g; a BET surface      area of greater than about 25 m.sup.2 /g; and a density of greater than      about 2.5 g/cm.sup.3. 
The present invention provides a light reflecting polymeric composition      that includes at least one halogenated-flame-retardant-additive-free      polymer having dispersed therein a pigment package including a combination      of Sb.sub.2 O.sub.3 and TiO.sub.2. The Sb.sub.2 O.sub.3 and TiO.sub.2      preferably have an average particle size within the range of from about      0.05 .mu.m to about 1.0 .mu.m, and more preferably about 0.2 .mu.m. When      used in combination, the Sb.sub.2 O.sub.3 and TiO.sub.2 pigments      synergistically interact together to provide a polymeric composition      exhibiting a reflectivity that is substantially higher than can be      obtained by the use of either of the pigments alone. 
Devices formed of or including biocompatible polyhydroxyalkanoates are      provided with controlled degradation rates, preferably less than one year      under physiological conditions. Preferred devices include sutures, suture      fasteners, meniscus repair devices, rivets, tacks, staples, screws      (including interference screws), bone plates and bone plating systems,      surgical mesh, repair patches, slings, cardiovascular patches, orthopedic      pins (including bone filling augmentation material), adhesion barriers,      stents, guided tissue repair/regeneration devices, articular cartilage      repair devices, nerve guides, tendon repair devices, atrial septal defect      repair devices, pericardial patches, bulking and filling agents, vein      valves, bone marrow scaffolds, meniscus regeneration devices, ligament and      tendon grafts, ocular cell implants, spinal fusion cages, skin      substitutes, dural substitutes, bone graft substitutes, bone dowels, wound      dressings, and hemostats. The polyhydroxyalkanoates can contain additives,      be formed of mixtures of monomers or include pendant groups or      modifications in their backbones, or can be chemically modified, all to      alter the degradation rates. The polyhydroxyalkanoate compositions also      provide favorable mechanical properties, biocompatibility, and degradation      times within desirable time frames under physiological conditions. 
Disclosed are paint scenting additive mixtures formulated to be introduced      into paint compositions as a stable dispersion therein to produce a      scented paint which provides a pleasant and long-lasting fragrance or      aroma in an ambient surrounding where the scented paint is applied as well      as processes for producing scented paints utilizing such additive mixtures      and the scented products produced therewith. 
A method and system for communications of fuel data, including fuel      depletion data, in regards of fuel storage tanks includes an electronic      communicator linked to a sensor associated with the storage tank for      communicating over a communications network the fuel data to innumerable      other parties connected on the communications network. 
Biomedical devices with stable, hydrophilic and antimicrobial coatings are      provided. The coatings are formed using a coupling agent to bond a      carboxyl containing hydrophilic coating to the surface by ester or amide      linkages. 
The present invention relates to a novel fully vulcanized powdery silicone      rubber, preparation and use thereof. The fully vulcanized powdery silicone      rubber is prepared from an latex of organosilicon polymer or copolymer      with lower molecular weight via irradiation of high-energy rays. The gel      content of the obtained fully vulcanized powdery silicone rubber is at      least 60% by weight. The fully vulcanized powdery silicone rubber can be      combined with various plastics and is very easy to be dispersed into      plastic matrix, and can be used as toughening agent, processing aids or as      additives for cosmetics, ink, paint and coatings. 
The invention provides a method for converting a less active or slower to      initiate system to a higher activity system so that at the end of a      polymerization the most active species is present in the system. The      invention generally relates to a process for converting a less active or      slower to initiate catalyst system to a higher activity catalyst system      wherein the process comprises contacting a protected N-heterocyclic      carbene with a metathesis catalyst and an olefin in the presence of      energy. One of the benefits of the invention is that the amount of      catalyst required is less than or lowered in the presence of the protected      N-heterocyclic carbene as compared to the amount of catalyst required in      the absence of the protected N-heterocyclic carbene. The protected      N-heterocyclic carbene can be unsaturated or saturated. In addition, the      invention describes novel ruthenium initiators and methods of making the      same. 
A method for producing expanded polypropylene resin particles wherein      polypropylene resin particles impregnated with a physical blowing agent      are heated along with an aqueous medium and a dispersant and are released      and expanded at reduced pressure from the interior of a pressure-tight      vessel, wherein the aforementioned aqueous medium has an electrical      conductivity of from not less than 0.00 ms/m to not more than 20.00 mS/m.      The resulting particles obtained are without inconsistencies caused by      differences in the amount of dispersant adhering to the particles or the      amount of dispersant added to prevent the particles from fusing together      during the heat treatment step of the method. 
Solvent extraction is used to remove wax and contaminants from an      iron-based Fischer-Tropsch catalyst in a natural circulation      continuous-flow system. The wax-free catalyst is then subjected to      controlled oxidation to convert the iron to its initial oxidized state,      Fe.sub.2 O.sub.3. Reactivation of the oxide catalyst precursor is carried      out by addition of synthesis gas. 
Disclosed are nanocomposites made of guest metal nanoparticles and metal      oxide sols made by mixing at least one metal alkoxide, at least one      organosilane, at least one boron oxide compound, and a liquid. Also      disclosed are dielectric composites containing a dielectric material such      as a polymer and the nanocomposites. 
An emulsifier composition for treating marine cuttings, preferably in situ,      to convert free hydrocarbons to isolated hydrocarbons; drill cuttings      treated with the emulsifier composition; droplets of the emulsified free      hydrocarbons; drill cuttings further treated with encapsulating material;      and, isolated hydrocarbons comprising encapsulated droplets of free      hydrocarbons and emulsifier. 
The present invention relates to pharmaceutical compositions and      formulations comprising a novel class of androgen receptor targeting      agents (ARTA) which demonstrate androgenic and anabolic activity of a      nonsteroidal ligand for the androgen receptor. The agents define a new      subclass of compounds which are selective androgen receptor modulators      (SARM) which are useful for a) male contraception; b) treatment of a      variety of hormone-related conditions, for example conditions associated      with Androgen Decline in Aging Male (ADAM), such as fatigue, depression,      decreased libido, sexual dysfunction, erectile dysfunction, hypogonadism,      osteoporosis, hair loss, anemia, obesity, sarcopenia,      osteopenia,osteoporosis, benign prostate hyperplasia, alterations in mood      and cognition and prostate cancer; c) treatment of conditions associated      with Androgen Decline in Female (ADIF), such as sexual dysfunction,      decreased sexual libido, hypogonadism, sarcopenia, osteopenia,      osteoporosis, alterations in cognition and mood, depression, anemia, hair      loss, obesity, endometriosis, breast cancer, uterine cancer and ovarian      cancer; d) treatment and/or prevention of chronic muscular wasting; and/or      e) decreasing the incidence of, halting or causing a regression of      prostate cancer. The present invention provides pharmaceutical      compositions comprising the selective androgen receptor modulator      compounds, together with pharmaceutically acceptable excipients. 
Compounds having a metalloproteinase inhibitory activity, represented by      the formula (I), its optically active isomers, their pharmaceutically      acceptable salts, or hydrates thereof.        STR1   
The present invention provides a fungicidal composition characterized by      containing as active ingredients (a) a compound represented by the formula I:        STR1   (wherein Ar is a substituted or unsubstituted phenyl group, Y is an oxygen      atom, an oxymethylene group or a methyleneoxy group, X is NR.sub.1 R.sub.2      or OR.sub.3, and R.sub.1, R.sub.2 and R.sub.3, which may be the same or      different, are hydrogen atoms or alkyl groups having 1 to 4 carbon atoms),      and (b) at least one compound selected from the group consisting of      ethylenebis(dithiocarbamate) type fungicidal compounds,      N-(3,5-dichlorophenyl)imide type fungicidal compounds, Chlorothalonil,      phthalimide type fungicidal compounds, anilide type fungicidal compounds,      Cymoxanil, Fosetyl, cyanopyrrole type fungicidal compounds, anilino type      heterocyclic fungicidal compounds, benzimidazole type fungicidal compounds      and their precursors, sulfur, copper compounds, and carbamate type      fungicidal compounds for controlling fungi tolerant to benzimidazole type      fungicides. 
An apparatus for use in drilling or producing from a well bore, the      apparatus comprising a downhole member such as a drilling device or a      production device which is capable of being attached to a tubular such as      a drill string, production string or the like, means for rotating a      tubular, control means for controlling the rotation of said tubular in      order to transmit information along said tubular and means for monitoring      the rotation of said tubular and for decoding said information transmitted      along said tubular such that a magnitude of a parameter can be determined      by the drilling member from the rotation or said tubular. The invention      also relates to a method for communicating with a downhole tool using the      apparatus. 
The invention relates to 5,15-diacetyl-3-benzoyllathyrol compound and a      skin whitening composition containing the same. Since the composition of      the invention contains 5,15-diacetyl-3-benzoyllathyrol as a melanine      production inhibitor, it is excellent in inhibiting pigment stagnation and      improving the discoloration of the skin or freckles. In addition, since it      does not induce a secondary effect, it has excellent stability. 
A composition and method of treating plurality of conditions utilizes a      combination of sucralfate and a topical anesthetic such as lidocaine. The      composition finds utility in treating the symptoms of burns or mange and      to relieve the associated irritations and discomfort. 
Inhibitors of serine proteases are provided having formula (I)        STR1   wherein X, R.sub.1, R.sub.2, R.sub.3, R.sub.4 and R.sub.5 are as defined      herein. In particular, the compounds bind to factor VIIa, tissue      factor/factor Xa complex, thrombin, trypsin, plasmin and kallikrein and      have anticoagulant activity. Pharmaceutical compositions comprising the      compounds are useful for inhibiting the formation of veinous and/or      arterial thrombi in vivo. 
There is provided compounds of formula I,        STR1   wherein R.sup.1, R.sup.2, R.sup.3, R.sup.x, Y, n and B have meanings given      in the description which are useful as competitive inhibitors of      trypsin-like proteases, such as thrombin, and in particular in the      treatment of conditions where inhibition of thrombin is required (e.g.      thrombosis) or as anticoagulants. 
Described herein are compounds related to lactacystin and lactacystin      .beta.-lactone, pharmaceutical compositions containing the compounds, and      methods of use. 
Compounds of formula I wherein: one of X or Y represents N and the other      represents C; R.sub.1 represents hydrogen, methyl, halogen, cyano, nitro,      --CHO, --COCH.sub.3 or --COOR.sub.4 ; PR.sub.2 represents      optionally-substituted aryl or heteroaryl; R.sub.3 represents C.sub.1-8      alkyl, C.sub.1-8 haloalkyl or --NR.sub.4 R.sub.6 ; R.sub.4 represents      hydrogen, C.sub.1-8 alkyl or arylC.sub.0-8 alkyl; R.sub.6 represents      hydrogen, C.sub.1-8 alkyl, arylC.sub.1-8 alkyl, --COR.sub.8 or      --COOR.sub.8 ; R.sub.8 represents C.sub.1-8 alkyl or C.sub.1-8 haloalkyl;      aryl in the above definitions represents phenyl or naphthyl; and      heteroaryl in the above definitions represents pyridine, pyrazine,      pyrimidine or pyridazine, which can be optionally fused to a benzene ring.      These compounds are useful as cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitors.        STR1   
The present invention discloses novel imidazolidinones which have HCV      protease inhibitory activity as well as methods for preparing such      compounds. In another embodiment, the invention discloses pharmaceutical      compositions comprising such imidazolidinones as well as methods of using      them to treat disorders associated with the HCV protease. 
The present invention relates to prodrugs of a class of sulfonamides which      are aspartyl protease inhibitors. In one embodiment, this invention      relates to a novel class of prodrugs of HIV aspartyl protease inhibitors      characterized by favorable aqueous solubility, high oral bioavailability      and facile in vivo generation of the active ingredient. This invention      also relates to pharmaceutical compositions comprising these prodrugs. The      prodrugs and pharmaceutical compositions of this invention are      particularly well suited for decreasing the pill burden and increasing      patient compliance. This invention also relates to methods of treating      mammals with these prodrugs and pharmaceutical compositions. 
A method of preventing damage to the seed and/or shoots and foliage of a      plant by a pest includes treating the seed from which the plant grows with      a composition that includes a combination of clothianidin and at least one      pyrethrin or synthetic pyrethroid. The treatment is applied to the unsown      seed. In another embodiment, the seed is a transgenic seed having at least      one heterologous gene encoding for the expression of a protein having      pesticidal activity against a first pest and the composition has activity      against at least one second pest. Treated seeds are also provided. 
The current invention provide novel compounds, methods of treating or      preventing emphysema, cancer and dermatological disorders, pharmaceutical      compositions suitable for the treatment or prevention of emphysema, cancer      and dermatological disorders and methods for delivering formulations into      the lung of a mammal suffering from emphysema, cancer and dermatological      disorders. 
A garage door power module is provided with the capability of operating      over a number of different operating frequencies by configuring a power      module chassis with a receptacle for receiving radio receivers where each      of the receivers is adapted to receive one of radio signals. The      receptacle located near one edge of the chassis and is configured with a      planer surface and support members that permit the receivers to be      slidably inserted and removed from the receptacle. In addition the radio      receiver is equipped with a plug connector and the receptacle is equipped      with a socket for receiving the plug connector in order to transmit radio      control signals from the receiver to logic control circuits in the power      module. 
A method of inhibiting the release of a proinflammatory cytokine in a cell      is disclosed. The method comprises treating the cell with a cholinergic      agonist. The method is useful in patients at risk for, or suffering from,      a condition mediated by an inflammatory cytokine cascade, for example      endotoxic shock. The cholinergic agonist treatment can be effected by      stimulation of an efferent vagus nerve fiber, or the entire vagus nerve. 
A compound having the formula (I) or its salt, hydrate, hydrate salt or      solvate:        STR1   wherein R.sup.1 to R.sup.4 independently represent H, halogen, OH, alkoxy,      optionally substituted alkyl, aryl, or aralkyl group, R.sup.5 represents      H, optionally substituted alkyl, aryl, or aralkyl group, E.sup.1      represents O, S, or --NR.sup.6, where R.sup.6 represents H, an optionally      substituted alkyl, aryl, or aralkyl group, E.sup.2 represents O, S, or      --NR.sup.7, where R.sup.7 represents H, an optionally substituted alkyl,      aryl, or aralkyl group, A represents CH, C(OH), or N, X represents H,      halogen, alkoxy, or an optionally substituted alkyl group, and Q      represents an optionally substituted phenyl group, phenoxy, phenylmethyl,      or cycloalkyloxy group, where when E.sup.1 represents O or S, E.sup.2 does      not represent O or S, which has an action of suppressing the cytotoxic      Ca.sup.2+ overload and lipid peroxidation and effective for pharmaceutical      preparation for the alleviation and treatment of symptoms due to ischemic      diseases, etc. 
Pharmaceutical compositions that exhibit reduced gastrointestinal      side-effects comprising a known active substance having antitumor effects      selected from the group consisting of pyrimidine derivatives, or a      pharmaceutically acceptable acid addition salt thereof, and      O-(3-piperidino-2-hydroxy-1-propyl)nicotinic acid amidoxime, or a      pharmaceutically acceptable acid addition salt thereof, are disclosed. 
  STR1   Compounds of general formula I[Chemical formula should be inserted here.      Please see paper copy] R.sub.1 is selected from any one of phenyl,      pyridinyl, pyrrolyl, thienyl, furanyl, imidazolyl, triazolyl, and pyridine      N-oxide; where each R.sub.1 phenyl ring and R.sub.1 heteroaromatic ring      may optionally and independently be further substituted by 1,2 or 3      substituents selected from straight and branched C.sub.1 -C.sub.6 alkyl,      NO.sub.2, CF.sub.3, C.sub.1 -C.sub.6 alkoxy, chloro, fluoro, bromo, and      iodo. The substitutions on the phenyl ring and on the heteroaromatic ring      may take place in any position on said ring systems; are disclosed and      claimed in the present application, as well as their pharmaceutically      acceptable salts and pharmaceutical compositions comprising the novel      compounds and their use in therapy, in particular in the management of      pain, anxiety and functional gastrointestinal disorders. 
This invention relates to a method of treatment and dosing regimen for      treating mammalian tumors by the discontinuous administration of a      farnesyl transferase inhibitor over an abbreviated one to five day dosing      schedule. 
This invention relates to compounds of the Formula (I):        STR1   or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt, solvate or isomer thereof, which can      be useful for the treatment of diseases or conditions mediated by MMPs,      TNF-.alpha. or combinations thereof. 
This invention relates to novel compounds represented by the general      formula [I]:        STR1   (wherein, R.sup.1 and R.sup.4 are the same or different, and represent      hydrogen atoms, lower alkyl groups or the like; R.sup.2 and R.sup.3 are      the same or different, and represent lower alkoxy groups or lower alkyl      groups; R.sup.5 represents a lower alkyl group or aralkyl group optionally      having substituent(s); R.sup.6 represents a hydrogen atom or a lower alkyl      group; X represents O, S or NH; m represents an integer of 0 to 3; n      represents an integer of 0 or 1; and Ar represents a phenyl group or      heteroaryl group optionally having substituent(s)). The compounds of the invention have an antagonistic action on orexin      receptors, and are useful for treatment of appetite abnormality, obesity,      sleeping disorder or the like. 
Pyrimidine derivatives of formula (I) wherein Q.sub.1, Q.sub.2, G and      R.sup.1 are as defined within; and pharmaceutically acceptable salts and      in vivo hydrolysable esters thereof are described. Processes for their      manufacture, pharmaceutical compositions and their use as cyclin-dependent      serine/threonine kinase (CDK) and focal adhesion kinase (FAK) inhibitors      are also described.        STR1   
Pyrimidine compounds of formula (1):        STR1   wherein R.sup.1 is C.sub.3 -C.sub.7 alkynyl optionally substituted with      halogen; R.sup.2 and R.sup.3 are independently hydrogen or the like; and      R.sup.4 is C.sub.3 -C.sub.7 alkynyloxy optionally substituted with      halogen, optionally substituted phenyl, or the like have an excellent      pesticidal effect. 
The present invention relates to novel heterocyclic compounds of formula      (I)        STR1   where A, R1, R2, Y, Z, and n are defined in the disclosure, to processes      for their preparation, and to their use as crop protection agents, in      particular for controlling animal pests. 
A weight-sensitive mat or other sensor determines whether a child seat in a      vehicle is occupied, a transmitter is proximate to the sensor, and a      keychain fob or other portable unit includes a receiver and an alarm.      Generally, if the child seat is occupied and the keychain fob is removed      from proximity to the transmitter, the transmitter communicates this to      the keychain fob receiver and the alarm is activated. Exemplary      embodiments include an add-on kit including a base unit with a transceiver      for use with existing car seats having a base and a detachable shell, an      add-on kit without the base unit for use with existing unitary car seats,      and a car seat with the child sensor, transmitter, and/or base unit built      into it. 
Compounds of the formula I        STR1   in which R.sup.1, R.sup.2, R.sup.4 and R.sup.5 have the meanings indicated      in claim 1, are potent 5-HT.sub.2A antagonists and are suitable for the      treatment of psychoses, schizophrenia, depression, neurological disorders,      memory disorders, Parkingson s disease, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis,      Alzheimer s disease, Huntington s disease, eating disorders such as      bulimia, nervous anorexia, premenstrual syndrome and/or for positively      affecting compulsive behavior (obsessive-compulsive disorder, OCD). 
The present invention relates to phenylamidines of general formula        STR1   wherein     R.sub.6 and R.sub.7 are defined as in claim 1, the tautomers, the      stereoisomers including mixtures thereof and the salts thereof,      particularly their physiologically acceptable salts with inorganic or      organic acids or bases, which have valuable pharmacological properties,      preferably antithrombotic effects, pharmaceutical compositions containing      these compounds, their use and processes for preparing them. 
The present invention relates to 7-alkyl- and cycloalkyl-substituted      imidazotriazinones, to processes for their preparation and to their use as      medicaments, in particular as inhibitors of cGMP-metabolizing      phosphodiesterases. 
The present invention relates to 5-(alkylidene-cycloalkyl)-pyrazoles and      5-(alkylidene-heterocyclyl)-pyrazoles of the formula I:        STR1   wherein the ring of the formula (R.sup.5)-A-(SO.sub.m R.sup.4), m, B, ring      G, R.sup.1 through R.sup.7 are as defined in the specification, to      pharmaceutical compositions containing them and to their medicinal use.      The compounds of the invention are useful in the treatment or alleviation      of inflammation and other inflammation associated disorders, such as      arthritis, colon cancer, and Alzheimer s disease in mammals, preferably      humans, dogs, cats and livestock animals. 
The present invention provides a pharmaceutical composition which is useful      as a phosphatidylinositol 3 kinase (PI3K) inhibitor and an antitumor      agent, and it provides a novel bicyclic or tricyclic fused heteroaryl      derivative or a salt thereof which possesses an excellent PI3K inhibiting      activity and cancer cell growth inhibiting activity. 
Compounds of the general structural formula and use of the compounds and      salts and solvates thereof, as therapeutic agents. 
Disclosed are compounds which inhibit .beta.-amyloid peptide release and/or      its synthesis, and, accordingly, have utility in treating Alzheimer s      disease. Also disclosed are pharmaceutical compositions comprising a      compound which inhibits .beta.-amyloid peptide release and/or its      synthesis as well as methods for treating Alzheimer s disease both      prophylactically and therapeutically with such pharmaceutical      compositions. 
Selected novel carboxylic acid substituted heterocycle compounds are      effective for prophylaxis and treatment of inflammation, tissue      degradation, cancer, fibrosis and related diseases. The invention      encompasses novel compounds, analogs, prodrugs and pharmaceutically      acceptable salts thereof, pharmaceutical compositions and methods for      prophylaxis and treatment of inflamation, tissue degradation and related      diseases. The subject invention also relates to processes for making such      compounds as well as to intermediates useful in such processes. 
The invention concerns vitronectin receptor antagonist compounds of formula      (3): R.sub.1 --Y--A--B--D--E--F--G wherein R.sub.1, Y, A, B, D, E, F, and      G are as defined in the description, their physiologically acceptable      salts and their prodrugs, methods for preparing compounds of formula (I),      their use, in particular as medicine and pharmaceutical compositions      containing them. 
Novel synthetic forms of etherified oxidized phospholipids and methods of      utilizing same for preventing and treating atherosclerosis and other      related disorders, as well as inflammatory disorders, immune mediated      diseases, autoimmune diseases and proliferative disorders, are provided.      In addition, methods of synthesizing etherified and esterified oxidized      phospholipids and of using same for preventing and treating      atherosclerosis and other related disorders are also provided. 
The disclosed invention is a patient monitoring system that employs a      pressure sensitive pad. The pad is placed beneath a patient who is lying      in bed or sitting in a chair. When weight is removed from the pad, an      alarm is given. The pad comprises an upper layer of circuitry and a lower      layer of circuitry. When the respective layers of circuitry are in      contact, the alarm remains off, but when the layers of circuitry become      separated, the alarm is given. This invention is generally for use in      hospitals and nursing homes to alert caregivers when a patient falls out      of a bed or a wheelchair; or if a patient otherwise leaves a bed or chair      against the wishes of the caregiver. This situation is of special concern      with elderly patients, post operational patients, and/or at night when      nursing staffs are reduced. 
Methods and compositions for preventing and/or treating degenerative joint      diseases including osteoarthritis as well as inflammation of the joints      and for diminishing associated pain are provided. The formulation includes      glucosamine, conjugated linoleic acid and ascorbic acid. Methods of      treatment are also provided. The compositions and methods can be provided      as an over-the-counter drug, a nutritional supplement, a prescription      medication or component thereof, or a functional or medical food or      component thereof. 
A drug complex characterized in that a residue of a drug compound such as      antineoplastic agents and a carboxy(C.sub.1-4)alkyldextran polyalcohol      obtained by treating a dextran under conditions that enable substantially      complete polyalcoholization are bound to each other by means of a spacer      comprising an amino acid or a spacer comprising peptide-bonded 2 to 8      amino acids. Said complex is characterized in that it has excellent      selectivity to tumorous sites so as to exhibit high antineoplastic      activity and also achieves reduced appearance of toxicity. 
The present invention is directed to ophthalmic compositions containing a      gelling amount of a combination of galactomannan polysaccharides and      borates. The compositions gel or partially gel upon administration to the      eye. The present invention also discloses methods of topical ophthalmic      administration of the compositions to the eye. 
A solution for storing corneal tissue, especially at a temperature of 2 to      8.degree. C., which comprises hyaluronic acid having an average molecular      weight of less than 6,000,000 Da (preferably of from 50,000 to 250,000      Da). 
Disclosed are compositions that include triboelectrically chargeable      nucleotide particles of less than 50 .mu.m diameter and carrier particles.      In one example, a substrate is selectively patterned with the      compositions, e.g., by transfer from a selectively charged surface. The      compositions can be used to synthesize nucleic acid arrays. 
This invention relates particularly to gene directed enzyme prodrug therapy      (GDEPT) using post translational glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI      addition to a prodrug activating enzyme to enable anchorage of the enzyme      at the cell surface, particularly for use in cancer therapy. A preferred      prodrug activating enzyme is carboxypeptidase G2. 
To provide a tumor antigen peptide derived from SART-1 and a derivative      thereof, possessing functionally equivalent characteristics thereto; or a      therapeutic agent, prophylactic agent or the like for a tumor, each      utilizing, the tumor antigen peptide. 
Compositions and methods are disclosed for the therapeutic use of an      atonal-associated nucleic acid or amino acid sequence. Also, an animal      heterozygous for an atonal-associated gene inactivation is also disclosed      having at least one atonal-associated nucleic acid sequence replaced by      insertion of a heterologous nucleic acid sequence used to detect      expression driven by an atonal-associated promoter sequence, wherein the      inactivation of the atonal-associated nucleic acid sequence prevents      expression of the atonal-associated gene. 
Anthraquinones are described which are antihelminthic and in particular,      are useful in compositions for inhibiting Schistosoma sp. in vitro or in      vivo. The preferred anthraquinones have the formula:        STR1   wherein R.sub.1, R.sub.2, R.sub.3, and R.sub.4 are each hydrogen, hydroxy,      halogen, alkyl, substituted alkyl, alkene, substituted alkene, alkyne,      aryl, substituted aryl, cyclic, substituted cyclic, acid group,      carbohydrate, or combination thereof, R is a group containing 1 to 12      carbons such as methyl, alkyl, substituted alkyl, aldehyde, hydroxy,      hydroxymethyl, acid group, carbohydrate, or combination thereof, and the      halogen is I, F, Br, or Cl. 
Combination therapy comprising RXR modulators and glucose reabsorption      inhibitors useful for the treatment of diabetes and Syndrome X are      disclosed. 

An electric power meter (102) includes a temperature sensor (114) and a      controller (112). The controller (112) is operable, based on the      temperature reported from the temperature sensor (114), to generate      alarm(s) when the temperature exceeds certain alarm threshold(s) (307,      507, 508) and to activate a power disconnect switch (104), thereby      shutting off power to a customer premises, when the temperature exceeds a      shut off threshold (309, 509). The controller (112) is operable to      activate the power disconnect switch (104) for non-payment of electricity      cost, subject to secondary criteria based on regulatory requirements. A      customer terminal (103) may be used to notify a customer of an alarm      condition, to provide information regarding electrical power usage or to      provide information regarding disconnection of electrical power. 
The present invention provides a method of treating meconium aspiration      syndrome, said method comprising administering to a subject in need of      treatment a therapeutically effective amount of albumin. A further aspect      of the invention relates to the use of albumin in the preparation of a      medicament for treatment of meconium aspiration syndrome, and a      pharmaceutical composition comprising albumin admixed with a      pharmaceutically acceptable carrier, diluent or excipient. 
Kolla2 powder compositions, method of preparing the compositions and use of      the compositions in treating arthritic joint cartilage diseases. The      compositions are orally administered to human in need of cartilage cell      repair in a daily dietary supplement dosage of between about 2,400 mg and      3,600 mg. 
The present invention relates to compounds of the formula I        STR1   which are inhibitors of the adhesion and migration of leucocytes and/or      antagonists of the adhesion receptor VLA-4 which belongs to the group of      integrins. The invention also relates to processes for the preparation of      formula I, pharmaceutical compositions containing compounds of formula I,      and the treatment or prophylaxis of various diseases caused by or are      associated with excess leucocyte adhesion and/or leucocyte migration, as      well as diseases associated with cell-cell or cell-matrix interactions,      which on interactions of VLA-4 receptors with their ligands play a part      of, for example, inflammatory processes, rheumatoid arthritis or allergic      disorders. 
The present invention is directed to polynucleotides, polypeptides and      peptide fragments thereof, and uses thereof for a novel cDNA sequence      which has homology to motilin. Tissue distribution of the mRNA for the      novel polypeptide is specific to the stomach, small intestine and      pancreas. The present invention further includes agonists, antagonists,      antibodies, host cells expressing the cDNA encoding the novel motilin      homologs and methods for increasing gastric motility using the novel      molecules. 
The present invention provides novel purified and isolated nucleic acid      sequences encoding procoagulant-active FVIII proteins. The nucleic acid      sequences of the present invention encode amino acid sequences      corresponding to known human FVIII sequences, wherein residue Phe3O9 is      mutated. The nucleic acid sequences of the present invention also encode      amino acid sequences corresponding to known human FVIII sequences, wherein      the APC cleavage sites, Arg336 and Ile562, are mutated. The nucleic acid      sequences of the present invention further encode amino acid sequences      corresponding to known human FVIII sequences, wherein the B-domain is      deleted, the von Willebrand factor binding site is deleted, a thrombin      cleavage site is mutated and an amino acid sequence spacer is inserted      between the A2- and A3-domains. Methods of producing the FVIII proteins of      the invention, nucleotide sequences encoding such proteins, pharmaceutical      compositions containing the nucleotide sequences or proteins, as well as      methods of treating patients suffering from hemophilia, are also provided. 
The present invention relates to compounds that inhibit the activity of the      proteasome or the productions of proteasomal proteins and promote bone      formation and are thus useful in treating osteoporosis, bone fracture or      deficiency, primary or secondary hyperparathyroidism, periodontal disease      or defect, metastatic bone disease, osteolytic bone disease, post-plastic      surgery, post-prosthetic joint surgey, and post-dental implantation, in      subject where this is desirable. 
The present invention relates to isolated and recombinant antimicrobial      peptides thrombocidin-1 (TC-1) and thrombocidin-2 (TC-2), or variants      thereof, which comprise at least in part the sequence as shown in FIG. 1      indicated by the label TC-1 and TC-2, and have antimicrobial activity      against gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria, for example Escherichia      coli, Bacillus subtilis, Streptococcus sanguis, Streptococcus pneumoniae,      Staphylococcus epidermis, and Staphylococcus aureus, and/or against fungi,      for example Candida albicans, C. glabarata, Cryptococcus neoformans,      Aspergillus flavus, A. fumigatus, and Pseudoallescheria spec. The      invention further relates to the use of said peptides, or variants      thereof, for the preparation of a medicament for the treatment of      bacterial or fungal infections, such as endocarditis, in humans and      animals and the use of said peptides, or variants thereof, in release      systems for prevention of bacterial or fungal infections in humans and      animals. 
A sinus headache can be treated by administration of a botulinum toxin to a      patient. The botulinum toxin can be botulinum toxin type A and the      botulinum toxin can be administered to or to the vicinity of a sinus      membrane of a patient with a sinus headache. 
The present invention relates to IL-6 antagonist peptides, isolatable from      a peptide library through the two-hybrids system by their ability to bind      to the intracellular domain of gp130 and containing at least 5 amino      acids. In particular, such peptides comprise the amino acid sequence SEQ      ID NO: 6, as well as salts, functional derivatives, precursors and analogs      thereof. The present invention also provides the peptides in substantially      purified form, in order to be suitable for use in pharmaceutical      compositions as active ingredient in pathologies that require IL-6      activity inhibition. 
A method for inhibiting and for reversing the dysfunctional response of      vascular endothelial cells to an inflammatory stimulus in a subject in      need of such therapy has been developed in which an effective amount of a      pharmaceutical composition comprising thrombin-activatable fibrinolysis      inhibitor (TAFI) combined with a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier and      optionally other treatments is administered to the subject. 
Labels for affixation to works of art, art objects, and other valuable      items to uniquely identify the works for registration in a registration      system and database is described. Each identification tag includes a      secret identification code and a visually readable second identification      code. The secret identification code is encoded in a magnetic medium      readable only with a separate reader device. 
The invention relates to a nutritional intervention composition in powder      form that is taken before a meal and that extends post meal satiety. The      compositions of the invention are comprised of at least one protein,      C.sub.12-18 fatty acids, preferably oleic acid, all of which stimulate CCK      release in the body, and a source of proteinase inhibitor which acts to      prevent the deactivation of CCK. The subject compositions preferably      additionally contain a source of calcium and are advantageous in that they      utilize a source of proteinase inhibitor as opposed to the more costly      extracts. The source of proteinase inhibitor is advantageously an extract      of potato, soy, or beans containing about 10 weight percent of proteinase      inhibitor. The powder compositions are mixed with a suitable liquid,      preferably water, prior to ingestion. 
The present invention concerns the use of stable HIF-1.alpha. variants to      accelerate wound healing. More particularly, the present invention      provides a method of accelerating wound healing in a mammal comprising      administering a stable variant of an HIF-1.alpha. polypeptide comprising      an oxygen-dependent degradation domain. The stable HIF-1.alpha. variant      preferably comprises an insertion, deletion or substitution in the      oxygen-dependent degradation domain. 
Compositions are provided for treating atopic dermatitis, other atopic      diseases and other inflammatory or allergic skin disorders. The      compositions include proteins from Molluscum Contagiosum Virus (MCV), or      fragments, variants, analogs, and derivatives thereof which exhibit AD      inhibiting activity. Examples of MCV proteins which exhibit AD inhibiting      activity include MC148P1, MC148P2, MC148P3, other MC148P type proteins,      and fragments, variants, analogs, and derivatives of MC148P1, MC148P2,      MC148P3, and other MC148P type proteins which possess AD inhibiting      activity. The fragments, variants, analogs and derivatives may be less      than 100% homologous to MCV proteins so long as they are sufficiently      homologous such that AD inhibiting activity is preserved. 
Surfactant protein D (SP-D) is a 43-kDa member of the collectin family of      collagenous lectin domain-containing proteins that is expressed in      epithelial cells of the lung. The SP-D gene was targeted by homologous      recombination in embryonic stem cells that were used to produce SP-D (-/-)      mice. The SP-D (-/-) deficiency caused inflammation, increased oxidant      production by isolated alveolar macrophages, abnormal surfactant structure      and levels, and decreased SP-A expression. Therefore, disclosed is the      SP-D (-/-) mouse as an excellent model for emphysema. Also included are      models for testing emphysema therapies in the mouse model, methods for      using SP-D protein or DNA as a treatment for emphysema and pulmonary      infections, and diagnosis. 
A softener composition improves the feeling of clothes and can impart high      softening effect to clothes irrespective of the state of rinsing water and      comprises (a) a compound represented by the formula (1) or (2), (b) a      compound represented by the formula (3) or (4) and (c) a specific anionic      surfactant, wherein the mole ratio between the component (a), the      component (b) and the component (c) satisfies the following relationship:      [(a)+(b)]/(c)=9/1 to 4/6:        STR1   wherein R.sup.1 and R.sup.5 respectively represent a C.sub.13-36 alkyl      group or the like, R.sup.10, R.sup.12, R.sup.15 and R.sup.17 respectively      represent a C.sub.8-36 alkyl group or the like, R.sup.2, R.sup.6,      R.sup.11, R.sup.13, R.sup.16 and R.sup.18 respectively represent a      C.sub.1-6 alkylene group, R.sup.3, R.sup.4, R.sup.7, R.sup.8, R.sup.9,      R.sup.14, R.sup.19 and R.sup.20 respectively represent a C.sub.1-3 alkyl      group or the like, A, B, D, E, F and G respectively represent --COO--,      --CONH-- or the like, a to f respectively denote 0 or 1 and Y.sup.- and      Z.sup.- respectively represent an anionic group. 
The present invention is a sprayable gel cleaning composition and a method      of making said sprayable gel cleaning composition. The gel stays on the      stained surface until it is wiped off, unlike non-gelatinous compositions      that have a very short surface contact time. The active agents of the      sprayable gel cleaning composition are in contact with the stain for a      longer period of time than other cleaners. The sprayable gel cleaning      composition can be used to remove household and industrial spots and      stains that are present on walls, cabinets, stove tops, doors, and trim.      In addition, this invention can be used to clean concrete and brick, and      remove caulk and paint from surfaces, as well as remove bug and tar stains      present on automobiles, trucks, and other machinery and surfaces. The      gelatinous composition may be water-based or solvent-based. 
The present invention relates to cleaning compositions comprising a      protease variant. One cleaning composition comprises a protease variant      including a substitution of an amino acid residue with another naturally      occurring amino acid residue at an amino acid residue position      corresponding to position 103 of Bacillus amyloliquefaciens subtilisin in      combination with a substitution of an amino acid residue with another      naturally occurring amino acid residue at one or more amino acid residue      positions corresponding to positions 1, 3, 4, 8, 9, 10, 12, 13, 16, 17,      18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 24, 27, 33, 37, 38, 42, 43, 48, 55, 57, 58, 61, 62,      68, 72, 75, 76, 77, 78, 79, 86, 87, 89, 97, 98, 99, 101, 102, 104, 106,      107, 109, 111, 114, 116, 117, 119, 121, 123, 126, 128, 130, 131, 133, 134,      137, 140, 141, 142, 146, 147, 158, 159, 160, 166, 167, 170, 173, 174, 177,      181, 182, 183, 184, 185, 188, 192, 194, 198, 203, 204, 205, 206, 209, 210,      211, 212, 213, 214, 215, 216, 217, 218, 222, 224, 227, 228, 230, 232, 236,      237, 238, 240, 242, 243, 244, 245, 246, 247, 248, 249, 251, 252, 253, 254,      255, 256, 257, 258, 259, 260, 261, 262, 263, 265, 268, 269, 270, 271, 272,      274 and 275 of Bacillus amyloliquefaciens subtilisin; wherein when said      protease variant includes a substitution of amino acid residues at      positions corresponding to positions 103 and 76, there is also a      subtitution of an amino acid residue at one or more amino acid residue      positions other than amino acid residue positions corresponding to      positions 27, 99, 101, 104, 107, 109, 123, 128, 166, 204, 206, 210, 216,      217, 218, 222, 260, 265 or 274 of Bacillus amyloliquefaciens subtilisin;      and one or more cleaning adjunct materials. Another cleaning composition      comprises a protease variant including a substitution of an amino acid      residue with another naturally occurring amino acid residue at one or more      amino acid residue positions corresponding to positions 62, 212, 230, 232,      252 and 257 of Bacillus amyloliquefaciens subtilisin; and one or more      cleaning adjunct materials. Methods for using the cleaning compositions      are also provided. 
To provide two-agent type liquid bleaching compositions having excellent      bleaching effect even if a mixing ratio of the two agents varies, great      usability, and no problem in storage stability, two-agent type liquid      bleaching compositions contains an agent A and an agent B filled and held      in separate chambers of a container and comprises the agent A made of      constituents containing 0.1 to 10% by weight of hydrogen peroxide and      water and provided with certain buffering capacity, and the agent B made      of constituents containing an alkali agent and water and provided with      certain buffering capacity. 
The present invention relates to a method for fabric treatment. More      specifically the invention relates to a convenient to carry fabric      treatment applicator comprising a heat activatable compound such as a      peroxide bleach, which can be advantageously used on clothes while they      are worn. Claimed and described is a method for the application of a      fabric treatment composition comprising a heat activatable compound such      as a peroxide bleach onto a fabric whereby the temperature of the      composition is raised with regard to the storage temperature. Further      claimed is a fabric treatment applicator comprising a heat activatable      compound and a flow interruption means, preferably a valve, to interrupt      or allow the flow of the fabric treatment composition. 
A plastics compatible detergent composition is provided by the invention.      The plastics compatible detergent composition includes about 0.01 wt. % to      about 10 wt. % anionic surfactant; about 0.01 wt. % to about 10 wt. %      cationic surfactant; about 0.01 wt. % to about 10 wt. % of at least one of      reverse polyoxyalkylene block copolymer surfactant, alcohol alkoxylate      surfactant having polyoxypropylene and/or polyoxybutylene end groups, and      mixtures thereof; about 0.01 wt. % to about 10 wt. % alkylpolyglycoside      surfactant; and about 0.01 wt. % to about 20 wt. % silicone surfactant. A      method for washing an article having a plastic surface is provided by the      invention. The method includes a step of applying the detergent      composition to the plastic surface, and rinsing the detergent composition      from the article. 
A data transmission system which is particularly useful for a remote      control apparatus for an electric fence. The apparatus includes a portable      hand held housing with a contact 16 which in use can contact a conductor      of an electric fence line. The output of the apparatus includes a      resonating circuit with inductor L, transformer 14 and a small high      voltage capacitor C2. The apparatus can thus generate information embedded      within a series of short signal bursts of a frequency within a      predetermined frequency range. A receiver coupled to or forming part of an      electric fence energizer can receive a signal from the apparatus to      control operation of the energizer. 
A bathroom cleaning composition containing a chlorine containing bleach,      that is effective in removing mold and mildew as well as removing soap      scum. 
A translucent or transparent composition comprising     a. about 3 to about 40 wt. % soap,     b. about 4 to about 40 wt. % of at least one synthetic surfactant,     c. about 14 to about 45 wt. % water,     d. from 0 to about 3 wt. % lower monohydric alcohol,     e. about 5 to about 60 wt. % of a humectant,     f. from 0 to about 5 wt. % of a structurant,     g. from 0 to about 10 wt. % of a gellant with the proviso that the      structurant and gellant are not 0 at the same time. 
Compositions that include mixtures of (a) at least one dialkyl quat in the      amount of from about 10% to about 90% by weight of the composition; and      (b) at least one monoalkyl quat in the amount of from about 10% to about      90% by weight of the composition are provided. Various embodiments are      provided. In one embodiment, the mixtures include dialkyl immidazoline      quats and monoalkyl immidazoline quats. In one embodiment, the mixtures      include dialkyl immidazoline quats and monoalkyl ammonium quats. Various      methods of making immidazoline quats and quat mixtures, personal care and      cosmetic products and formulations that contain the immidazoline quats and      quat mixtures, methods of making such personal care and cosmetic products      and formulations, and methods of using the such immidazoline quats, quat      mixtures, and personal care and cosmetic products and formulations are      also provided. 
There is described a fracturing fluid comprising a polar base, 0.1-5.0% of      a mid-molecular weight polyacrylate, and an activator for ionizing the      polyacrylate to a hydroscopic state. 
Compositions and methods are provided for reducing the permeability of      subterranean zones. More particularly, water-soluble polymeric      compositions which form cross-linked gels in the zones. In general, the      composition comprises (a) at least one water-soluble polymer; (b) at least      one organic gelling agent capable of cross-linking the water-soluble      polymer; and (c) at least one water-soluble formate. More preferably, the      water-soluble polymer is a copolymer of (i) at least one non-acidic      ethylenically unsaturated polar monomer, and (ii) at least one      copolymerisable ethylenically unsaturated ester. The gelling agent is      preferably selected from the group consisting of a polyalkyleneimine,      polyfunctional aliphatic amine, an aralkylamine, and a heteroaralkylamine.      The preferred water-soluble formate is selected from the group consisting      of ammonium formate, lithium formate, sodium formate, potassium formate,      rubidium formate, cesium formate, and francium formate. Water is used to      make an aqueous composition prior to use in a subterranean formation. The      methods of this invention for reducing the permeability of a subterranean      zone are comprised of the steps of introducing an aqueous composition      according to the invention into a subterranean zone, and then allowing the      aqueous composition to form a cross-linked gel in the zone. Preferably,      the method includes the step of subsequently producing hydrocarbons from      the subterranean formation. 
The present invention provided with novel 5-benzyloxymethyl-1,2-isoxazoline      derivatives of the formula (1), their preparation method and their use as      herbicides. The 5-benzyloxymethyl-1,2-isoxazoline derivatives according to      the present invention have sufficiently high herbicidal activity against      the weeds in the paddy field rice even at low dose rates and excellent      selectivity to transferred rice in particular. As thus, the compounds of      the present invention are typically useful as herbicides for control of      paddy weeds in rice. 
The invention relates to novel substituted benzoylisoxazoles of the general      formula (I),        STR1   in which     n represents the number 0, 1, 2 or 3,     A represents a single bond or represents alkanediyl (alkylene),     R.sup.1 represents hydrogen or represents in each case optionally      substituted alkyl, alkenyl or cycloalkyl,     R.sup.2 represents hydrogen, cyano, carbamoyl, halogen, or represents in      each case optionally substituted alkyl, alkylcarbonyl, alkoxy,      alkoxycarbonyl or alkylthio, alkylsulphinyl or alkylsulphonyl,     R.sup.3 represents hydrogen, nitro, cyano, carboxyl, carbamoyl,      thiocarbamoyl, halogen, or represents in each case optionally substituted      alkyl, alkoxy, alkylthio, alkylsulphinyl, alkylsulphonyl, alkylamino,      dialkylamino or dialkylaminosulphonyl,     R.sup.4 represents nitro, cyano, carboxyl, carbamoyl, thiocarbamoyl,      halogen, or represents in each case optionally substituted alkyl, alkoxy,      alkylthio, alkylsulphinyl, alkylsulphonyl, alkylamino, dialkylamino or      dialkylaminosulphonyl, and     Z represents an optionally substituted 4- to 12-membered, saturated or      unsaturated, monocyclic or bicyclic, heterocyclic grouping which contains      1 to 4 hetero atoms (up to 4 nitrogen atoms and optionally--alternatively      or additionally--one oxygen atom or one sulphur atom, or one SO grouping      or one SO.sub.2 grouping) and which additionally contains one to three oxo      groups (C.dbd.O) and/or thioxo groups (C.dbd.S) as components of the      heterocycle, and to processes for their preparation and to their use as herbicides. 
The invention relates to novel substituted arylsulphonyl(thio)ureas        STR1   in which     A represents nitrogen or a CH grouping,     Q represents oxygen or sulphur,     R.sup.1 represents hydrogen, halogen or respectively optionally substituted      alkyl, alkoxy, alkylthio, alkylamino, dialkylamino, cycloalkyl,      cycloalkyloxy or heterocyclyloxy,     R.sup.2 represents hydrogen, halogen or respectively optionally substituted      alkyl, alkoxy, alkylthio, alkylamino, dialkylamino, cycloalkyl,      cycloalkyloxy or heterocyclyloxy,     R.sup.3 represents hydrogen or optionally substituted alkyl,     R.sup.4 represents respectively optionally substituted alkyl, alkoxy,      alkenyl, alkinyl, alkenyloxy, alkinyloxy, cycloalkyl, cycloalkyloxy or      cycloalkylalkyl, and     R.sup.5 represents hydrogen, formyl or respectively optionally substituted      alkyl, alkylcarbonyl, alkoxycarbonyl, alkylsulphonyl, alkenyl, alkinyl,      cycloalkyl, cycloalkylcarbonyl, cycloalkylsulphonyl or heterocyclyl,     and to salts of compounds of the formula (I),     except for the compound      N-(4,6-dimethyl-pyrimidin-2-yl)-N -[2-(1,1,2,2-tetrafluoro-ethoxy)-6-methy     l-phenylsulphonyl]-urea,     to processes for preparing the novel compounds and to their use as      herbicides. 
A photocatalyst which comprises an oxysulfide containing at least one      transition metal; a preferable photocatalyst which also comprises a rare      earth element such as Sm in addition to the above and wherein the      transition metal is at least one selected from the group consisting of Ti      and Nb; a more preferable photocatalyst which further comprises a promoter      comprising a transition metal such as Pt loaded on each of the above      photocatalyst; and a catalyst for use in the decomposition of water by a      light which comprises one of the above oxysulfide photocatalysts. 
An .alpha.-olefin polymerization catalyst comprising (A) a solid catalyst      component containing a titanium compound obtained by treating a solid      product having a titanium content of 1.5% by weight or less obtained by      reducing Ti(OR.sup.1).sub.a X.sub.4-n (R.sup.1 represents a hydrocarbon      group having 1 to 20 carbon atoms, X represents a halogen atom and a      represents a number satisfying 0&lt;a.ltoreq.4.) with an organomagnesium      compound in the presence of an organosilicon compound having an Si--O bond      and an ester compound, with an ester compound, and treating the      ester-treated solid with a mixture of an ether compound and titanium      tetrachloride or a mixture of an ether compound, titanium tetrachloride      and an ester compound, (B) an organoaluminum compound and (C) an electron      donative compound, and a process for producing an .alpha.-olefin polymer      with said .alpha.-olefin polymerization catalyst. 
A data sample and transmission module for a power distribution system      having a microprocessor, a locator device, and a network interface is      provided. The microprocessor samples one or more first signals indicative      of a condition of power in the power distribution system. The locator      device is changeable between a first state and a second state. The network      interface can place the microprocessor in communication with a network so      that the microprocessor samples the first signals based in part upon a      synchronization signal receivable from the network and so that the locator      device changes from the first state to the second state in response to a      command receivable from the data network. 
This description addresses a process for the preparation of polyolefins      from one or more olefinic monomers comprising combining under      polymerization conditions said olefins with the product of combining i) an      organometallic catalyst compound and ii) a cocatalyst complex comprising a      trialkylsilyl-substituted carbenium cation and a suitable noncoordinating      or weakly coordinating anion. These complexes exhibit good solubility in      aliphatic solvents such that use in aliphatic solution based      polymerization reaction processes can be conducted without the use of      aromatic solvents or co-solvents and without the need for slurry means of      introduction into chemical reaction environments. High number-average      molecular weight polymers and copolymers at high rates of productivity      were observed from the use of metallocene catalysts complexes when      activated with [(3, 5-(Et.sub.3 Si).sub.2 Ph).sub.3 C].sup.+ [(C.sub.6      F.sub.5) B].sup.- and used in a hexane-based solution polymerization. 
A process for making ethylene copolymers is disclosed. Ethylene      copolymerizes with an .alpha.-olefin in the presence of a catalyst system      comprising an activator and a silica-supported, bridged indenoindolyl      metal complex having open architecture. The supported complex      incorporates comonomers with exceptional efficiency, and the process gives      ethylene copolymers having high molecular weights (Mw&gt;100K) and very      low densities (&lt;0.910 g/cm.sup.3). Open architecture catalysts that      include bridging through the indolyl nitrogen of the indenoindolyl      framework are also described. Additionally, supported and unsupported      indeno[1,2-b]indolyl catalysts provide exceptional activities in the      preparation of elastomeric polypropylene and ethylene copolymers. 
Catalysts for copolymerization of olefins and styrenes, comprising (A) a      transition metal compound, (B) an oxygen-containing compound and/or a      compound capable of reacting with a transition metal compound to form an      ionic complex, (C) a specific compound such as a reaction product of      triphenylmethyl alcohol and triisobutylaluminium, and optionally (D) an      alkylating agent, and methods for producing olefin-styrene copolymers in      the presence of such catalysts, which catalysts have the advantages of      enhancing the copolymerization activity and reducing the amount of the      promoter such as oxygen-containing compounds, etc, and using them,      olefin-styrene copolymers can be produced efficiently and inexpensively. 
