The coating composition of the invention cures at room temperature, and      forms a coating which is resistant to flex-fatigue. environmental      temperature variability and provides for excellent adhesion to flexible      elastomeric substrates. The coating in two parts comprises (A) a      graft-modified fluoroelastomer and (B) a curing component containing at      least one group reactive with an active hydrogen bearing group, such as an      isocyanate group and another group which forms crosslinks, and (C) a      solvent. The coating is prepared by mixing and milling the fluoroelasomer      which has been graft-functionalized with an active hydrogen bearing group      groups. The first part is admixed with the second part prior to applying      the coating. Gelation of the coating takes place at room temperature over      several hours with complete cure taking place within about 24 hours. 
The present invention relates to a process for the preparation of zeolitic      catalysts of the MFI type in spheroidal form. The process consists in emulsifying and consolidating in paraffinic      hydrocarbons, in the presence of a non-ionic surface-active agent or a      suitable combination of a non-ionic surface-active agent and a cationic      surface-active agent, a dispersion of particles of zeolitic material of      the MFI type in a silica sol. 
A plasma-resistant member for a semiconductor manufacturing apparatus,      which can reduce the contamination level on a semiconductor wafer. The      contents of Fe, Ni, Cr and Cu are made lower than 1.0 ppm respectively      within a depth of at least 10 .mu.m from surface in a plasma-resistant      member. 
A method of making a superconducting structure includes depositing a metal      alkoxide on a surface of a metal and hydrolyzing the metal alkoxide on the      surface to form a pinhole-free film. The metal is a superconductor. The      metal alkoxide may be a compound of formula (I): where M is zirconium or hafnium, and the purity of the compound is at least      97% as measured by NMR spectroscopy. 
A breathable, biodegradable/compostable laminate for use in personal care      products. The laminates may be produced from polymer blends. The      biodegradable/compostable laminates may be used in a disposable absorbent      product intended for the absorption of fluids such as body fluids. 
Thermally divisible multicomponent fibers having at least a first component      including an elastomeric polymer and at least a second component including      a non-elastomeric polymer. The multicomponent fibers are useful in the      manufacture of nonwoven structures, and in particular nonwoven structures      used as synthetic suede and filtration media. 
In order to provide a method for locating moving objects that will allow      high precision in position determination and thus largely eliminate      sorting errors, and also to provide a device suitable for executing the      method, it is envisaged that on at least one defined location within the      reading range of an interrogator (16) arranged in a stationary position,      an interference pulse, which influences a response signal transmitted by a      transponder (20) carried by a moving object (12) in response to a signal      transmitted by the interrogator (16), is exerted on the object (12), and a      position of the object (12) is determined in dependence on a time when the      influence of the response signal occurred. 
A heat-resistant fiber paper sheet which is formed from staple fibers made      from a heat-resistant organic polymer, undrawn or low ratio drawn      para-aromatic polyamide staple fibers, and an organic resin binder and/or      fibrids comprising a heat-resistant organic polymer as main components,      wherein the amount of said staple fibers is 45 to 97 percent by weight      based on the total amount of said heat-resistant fiber paper sheet; the      total amount of said organic resin binder and/or said fibrids is 3 to 55      percent by weight based on the total amount of said heat-resistant fiber      paper sheet; and said organic resin binder is cured, and/or said undrawn      or low ratio drawn para-aromatic polyamide staple fibers and said fibrids      are partially softened, deformed and/or melted to exhibit the actions of      binders. The obtained heat-resistant fiber paper sheet has excellent heat      resistance, excellent heat dimensional stability, excellent plybond      strength, an excellent electric insulating property in a high humidity,      and the like, has good resin impregnability in spite of having a high bulk      density, and is especially suitable for use as a substrate for electric      insulating materials or as a substrate for laminates used for electric      circuits. 
The glass transmittance of UV light having a wavelength of 365 nanometers      is reduced by compounding an oxide or salt of at least one of Fe, Cu, Cr,      Ce, Mn and mixtures thereof. The fiberglass cloth can be used for      providing reinforced prepregs used in producing printed circuit boards or      laminated chip carrier substrates. 
There is provided and fibrous layer for personal care products wherein the      fibrous layer is made from micro-fine fibers deposited as an aqueous      slurry onto a nonwoven web, and subsequently dried. The micro-fine fibers      have a diameter from a positive amount to 0.5 microns. The nonwoven web      may be produced from a number of methods, such as meltblowing,      spunbonding, coforming, bonding and carding, and airlaying. The micro-fine      fiber layer can be used to adjust the permeability of the nonwoven web,      thus providing a method of controlling the rate of fluid movement through      a personal care product, like diapers, training pants, incontinence      garments and feminine hygiene products. 
A method of making a quilt includes a batting including a heat activated      adhesive coating each side or faces of the batting. The quilt covers are      attached to the batting by sequentially placing the covers onto the      respective batting faces and heating each cover and adjacent adhesive by      moving a hot iron over each cover. The covers are connected to each by a      plurality of spaced yarn or other suitable decorative connecting means      which extend through the covers and batting to secure the batting in place      and may form a desired decorative pattern. The inactive adhesive remains      in the quilt or is removed by washing of the quilt. The batting with the      inactive adhesive is provided as a commercially available product. 
An object of the present invention is to apply an insulating film of cure      and high quality that is suitably applicable as gate insulating film and      protective film to a technique that the insulation film is formed on the      glass substrate under a temperature of strain point or lower, and to a      semiconductor device realizing high efficiency and high reliability by      using it. In a semiconductor device of the present invention, a gate      insulating film of a field effect type transistor with channel length of      from 0.35 to 2.5 .mu.m in which a silicon nitride film is formed over a      crystalline semiconductor film through a silicon oxide film, wherein the      silicon nitride film contains hydrogen with the concentration of      1.times.10.sup.21 /cm.sup.3 or less and has characteristic of an etching      rate of 10 nm/min or less with respect to mixed solution containing an      ammonium hydrogen fluoride (NH.sub.4 HF.sub.2) of 7.13% and an ammonium      fluoride (NH.sub.4 F) of 15.4%. 
A bilayer dielectric structure for substantially reducing or eliminating      metal contaminants formed during subsequent polysilicon deposition is      provided. The bilayer dielectric structure includes an upper surface      region that is rich in chlorine located atop a bottom surface region. The      upper surface region that is rich in chlorine removes metal contaminates      that are present atop the structure during subsequent formation of a      polysilicon layer. A method of forming the bilayer structure is also      provided. 
A method for fabricating a semiconductor crystal that has a first step for      forming a semiconductor crystal layer (202) that contains carbon atoms and      at least one kind of Group IV element other than carbon on a substrate      (201), a second step for adding an impurity that is capable of reacting      with oxygen to the semiconductor crystal layer (202), and a third step for      removing the carbon atoms contained in the semiconductor crystal layer      (202) by reacting the carbon with the impurity. This method makes it      possible to fabricate a semiconductor crystal substrate in which the      concentration of interstitial carbon atoms is satisfactorily reduced, thus      resulting in excellent electrical properties when the substrate is applied      to a semiconductor device. 
A fabrication process of a flash memory device includes microwave      excitation of high-density plasma in a mixed gas of Kr and an oxidizing      gas or a nitriding gas. The resultant atomic state oxygen O* or hydrogen      nitride radicals NH* are used for nitridation or oxidation of a      polysilicon electrode surface. It is also disclosed the method of forming      an oxide film and a nitride film on a polysilicon film according to such a      plasma processing. 
Methods are provided for depositing a silicon carbide layer having      significantly reduced current leakage. The silicon carbide layer may be a      barrier layer or part of a barrier bilayer that also includes a barrier      layer. Methods for depositing oxygen-doped silicon carbide barrier layers      are also provided. The silicon carbide layer may be deposited by reacting      a gas mixture comprising an organosilicon compound, an aliphatic      hydrocarbon comprising a carbon-carbon double bond or a carbon-carbon      triple bond, and optionally, helium in a plasma. Alternatively, the      silicon carbide layer may be deposited by reacting a gas mixture      comprising hydrogen or argon and an organosilicon compound in a plasma. 
A method of forming a semiconductor structure is described that includes      etching a trench in a semiconductor substrate, wherein an oxide layer      overlies the semiconductor substrate, and a nitride layer overlies the      oxide layer; and cleaning the semiconductor substrate while simultaneously      performing a pull back of the nitride layer. Methods of making      semiconductor devices and electronic devices, and silicon wafers having      trenches and isolation regions formed by the above-mentioned methods are      also described. 
An anti-abduction system and method is disclosed which utilizes a radio      frequency transceiver attached to a slave to communicate with a      corresponding master transceiver to detect and prevent abductions, which      may be advantageously applied to situations in which child abduction is a      possibility. The disclosed system and method utilizes communication      protocols to notify the master of the proximal locality of the slave unit      and any spatial deviation of the slave from the master. Utilization of      varying strength transceiver signaling between the master and slave      permits the distance between the master and slave to be approximated.      Additionally, the slave may contain an optional heartbeat monitor to      detect and report situations in which the device is removed from the      potential abduction victim. The present invention may be generally      targeted towards preventing child abductions, but has applications as an      anti-terrorist device in preventing kidnappings of political persons and      other innocents by terrorist groups and the like. 
A method for the production of semiconductor components which includes      applying masking layers and components on epitaxial semiconductor      substrates within the epitaxy reactor without removal of the substrate      from the reactor. At least one of the masking layers is HF soluble such      that a gas etchant may be introduced within the reactor so as to etch a      select number and portion of masking layers. This method may be used for      production of lateral integrated components on a substrate wherein the      components may be of the same or different type. Such types include      electronic and optoelectronic components. Numerous masking layers may be      applied, each defining particular windows intended to receive each of the      various components. In the reactor, the masks may be selectively removed,      then the components grown in the newly exposed windows. 
A method utilizing a plasma etching machine which comprises a process      chamber defining an interior region and including a bottom wall having an      aperture and a block disposed in the aperture and including a      longitudinally extending bore. A shaft extends through the bore and      includes a spider push rod extending longitudinally therethrough. An      internally cooled chuck is coupled to the shaft and disposed in the      interior region and cooperates with the shaft to define a chamber. A      spider is disposed in the chamber and is coupled to the push rod. A lift      mechanism is coupled to the shaft and the push rod so that the spider      pushes up on a wafer in response to actuation of the lift mechanism. A      wafer clamping mechanism is coupled to the push rod if a mechanical clamp      is used. In the case of electrostatic clamp the bias applied to the chuck      is coupled with the use of a rotational roller to allow the bias to be      applied to the chuck for the duration of the etch process. A RF source is      needed for ionization of the gas. If the plasma etching machine has RF      power applied through the bottom, then a rotational roller is used for      this as well and must be isolated from the electrostatic voltage used to      clamp the wafer. 
A multi-step etching process for a lead overlay structure such as a      thin-film magnetic head structure using secondary ion mass spectroscopy      (SIMS) whereby high selectivity of a lead material or other high      conductivity metal layer is realized versus that of a metallic mask      material and stopping layer. The first step includes patterning the mask      layer using IBE or RIE. Advantageously, a photoresist layer is present      over a portion of the mask layer and is left in place to be removed in a      subsequent step. The second step includes etching the high conductivity      metal layer using CAIBE or RIBE with an inert/reactive gas mixture and      using SIMS to detect when the stopping layer is reached. The gas mixture      comprises an inert gas and a reactive gas that is either oxygen, nitrogen,      or a combination of oxygen and nitrogen, whereby the ionized gas mixture      contains ions that increase the sensitivity of the SIMS yield of the      stopping layer such that the end point of the high conductivity metal      layer is detected and etching can then be stopped at the appropriate time.      The chemistry of the second etching step is effective to also remove the      photoresist at a high etch rate. The third step includes etching the      stopping layer with IBE using an inert gas, advantageously with a high      angle of about 40-70.degree.. The third step may also be effective to etch      debris redeposited on the sidewalls of the structure, and to remove all or      a portion of the remaining mask layer. 
A fabrication method of a semiconductor integrated circuit device      comprises, in an SAC process or HARC process, subjecting a semiconductor      substrate to plasma etching to make contact holes in an oxide film made of      a silicon oxide film formed on the semiconductor substrate. For improving      the ease-in-etching property of the silicon oxide film and selectivity to      a nitride film, a residence time of an etching gas within a chamber is so      set as to be in a range where selectivity to an insulating film made of      silicon nitride is improved by using etching conditions of a low pressure      and a large flow rate of the etching gas of C.sub.5 H.sub.8 /O.sub.2 /Ar. 
Plasma reactor and process for very fast etching of silicon or epoxy resins      in which a wafer is placed on a pedestal in a chamber, gas is exhausted      from the chamber through a pressure regulation valve, a gas containing      fluorine and/or oxygen is introduced into chamber through a showerhead      electrode which is positioned substantially parallel to and less than 6 mm      from the pedestal, RF power is applied to the pedestal and/or the      showerhead electrode, and the pressure inside the chamber is maintained at      a level greater than 1.5 Torr. 
A two-dimensional crystalline film of ferritin 4 holding iron-oxide cores 1      is formed on a silicon substrate 6. The silicon substrate 6 is then etched      by using at least the cores 1 as an etching mask. Since the cores 1 have a      small diameter of 6 nm, a fine structure can be formed on the substrate,      enabling manufacturing of a semiconductor light-emitting element and      various semiconductor devices using a quantum effect. 
This invention provides a method for manufacturing an electric capacitance      type acceleration sensor capable of achieving high productivity in which a      semiconductor manufacturing process is used. More specifically, this      invention provides a method for manufacturing an electric capacitance type      acceleration sensor comprising the steps of: forming a p-type low      resistance layer 12 for diffusing thermally a boron ion by implanting the      boron ion into the surface of an n-type single crystal silicon 11; etching      the p-type low resistance layer 12 to leave a beam part 24 and a part 27      to be a movable electrode; forming a silicon oxide layer 13 to be a      sacrificial film, a fixed electrode layer 15 and a silicon nitride film      layer 17 on the surface of the silicon substrate 11; etching      anisotrophically from the rear surface of the silicon substrate by KOH      solution making the p-type low resistance layer stop etching; and forming      a hollow layer 19 by removing the silicon oxide film 16 by using a      hydrofluoric acid solution from the rear surface of the silicon substrate. 
A method of patterning a thin film includes a step of forming at least one      strippable conductive film on a surface of a thin film to be patterned, a      step of forming a mask on the at least one strippable conductive film, a      step of patterning the thin film to be patterned by dry etching using the      mask, and a step of removing the at least one strippable conductive film. 
Slurries for use in the chemical mechanical polishing (CMP) of copper and      copper diffusion barriers that reduce pattern sensitive erosion of an      underlying dielectric layer include at least one surfactant. Inclusion of      surfactants, such as cetyltrimethylammonium bromide in a slurry mixture      can reduce pattern sensitive erosion of dielectric materials such as      silicon oxide, and fluorinated oxides of silicon that would otherwise      occur during CMP of copper and copper diffusion barriers as is typical in      the formation of copper interconnect lines in integrated circuits. 
A planarizing pad for planarzing a microelectronic substrate, and a method      and apparatus for forming the planarizing pad. In one embodiment,      planarzing pad material is mixed with compressed gas to form a plurality      of discrete elements that are distributed on a film support material. The      film support material is supported by a liquid and is drawn from the      liquid with a backing layer. At least a portion of the discrete elements      are spaced apart from each other on the film support material to form a      textured surface for engaging a microelectronic substrate and removing      material from the microelectronic substrate. The discrete elements can be      uniformly or randomly distributed on the film support material. 
A radio medical monitoring system is disclosed, which comprises a modem; a      central processing unit (CPU) connected with the modem for digital data      transmission therewith; a read-only-memory (ROM) connected with the CPU; a      memory connected with the CPU; one or a plurality of digital medical      sensors connected with the CPU for transmitting signals from a subject      under examination to the CPU; a radio transceiver connected with the modem      for receiving/transmitting radio waves and performing an analog signal      transmission with the modem. The monitoring system of the present      invention has Group ID (GID) and Sort ID functions, and automatically      replies according to the order of the Sort ID after identifying the Group      ID and confirming that it is necessary to reply. The present invention      also discloses a radio medical monitoring method. 
A method of manufacturing a semiconductor device is provided. A nickel      silicide layer (e.g., NiSi) is formed on a substrate. Next, a hydrogen      plasma treatment may be performed on the silicide layer, which may induce      the formation of metal/silicon hydride bonds in the silicide layer. An      etch stop layer is formed over the silicide layer. A dielectric layer is      formed over the etch stop layer. An opening is formed in the dielectric      layer. A portion of the etch stop layer is etched away at the opening to      expose at least a portion of the silicide layer therebeneath. The etch      chemistry mixture used during the etching step preferably includes      hydrogen gas. The change in sheet resistance for the exposed silicide      layer portion at the opening after the etching step, as compared to before      the etching step, is preferably not greater than about 0.10 ohms/square. 
The present invention provides a method for creating microscopic high      resistivity structures on a target by directing a focused ion beam toward      an impact point on the target and directing a precursor gas toward the      impact point, the ion beam causing the precursor gas to decompose and      thereby deposit a structure exhibiting high resistivity onto the target.      The precursor gas preferably contains a first compound that would form a      conductive layer and a second compound that would form an insulating layer      if each of the first and second compounds were applied alone in the      presence of the ion beam. 
A process for forming copper metal interconnects and copper-filled vias in      a dielectric layer on an integrated circuit structure wherein the impurity      level of the copper-filled metal lines and copper-filled vias is lowered,      resulting in an increase in the average grain size of the copper, a      reduction of the resistivity, and more homogeneous distribution of the      stresses related to the formation of the copper metal lines and      copper-filled vias throughout the deposited copper. The process comprises:      depositing a partial layer of copper metal in trenches and via openings      previously formed in one or more dielectric layers, then annealing the      deposited copper layer at an elevated temperature for a predetermined      period of time; and then repeating both the deposit step and the step of      annealing the deposited layer of copper one or more additional times until      the desired final thickness is reached. After the deposition and annealing      of the deposited copper, the annealed structure is then planarized      preferably using, for example, a chemical mechanical polishing (CMP)      process, and then the planarized structure is again annealed. Preferably      the process further includes removing a thin portion of copper from the      surface of the deposited and annealed copper layer. 
The present invention discloses a method for manufacturing a semiconductor      device, and in particular to a contact process of metal lines for      connecting a local bit line for transmitting signals in an MAT to a new      bit line for transmitting signals between the MATs in a layout structure      having a bit line switch between the MATs. In the disclosed method, the      metal line contact is formed according to the large first metal contact      process and the small second metal contact process, and thus the contact      hole having a high aspect ratio is formed to have a predetermined size,      thereby embodying the hierarchical bit line structure. 
In the production of a high frequency circuit chip in which a wiring      pattern is disposed on a substrate having a through-hole, a connecting      electrode of the through-hole is formed by filling electrically conductive      paste into a perforation and firing it, and the wiring pattern is formed      by a lift-off method. Moreover, at least the surface of the substrate for      the wiring pattern to be formed thereon is mirror-polished, and      thereafter, the wiring pattern is formed on the mirror-polished surface by      the lift-off method. 
A method of forming a barrier metal film formed of a nitride film including      tungsten by thermal CVD. The method includes positioning a substrate in a      processing vessel and forming a WSi film on one side of the substrate by      supplying a process gas including WF.sub.6 gas and at least one of      SiR.sub.4 gas, SiH.sub.2 Cl.sub.2 gas and Si.sub.2 H.sub.6 gas into the      processing vessel while a processing pressure in the processing vessel is      maintained. The method also includes shutting off the supplying of the      process gas into the processing vessel and completely removing the process      gas from the processing vessel by supplying a purging gas into the      processing vessel after the shutting off the supplying. The WSi film is      nitrided by supplying NH.sub.3 gas or MMH gas into the processing vessel      from which the process gas has been removed, to form a WSixNy film. 
A process of making a buried digit line stack is disclosed. The process      includes forming a silicon-lean metal silicide first film over a      polysilicon plug, followed by a silicide compound barrier second film. The      silicide compound barrier second film is covered with a refractory metal      third film. A salicidation process causes the first film to salicide with      the polysilicon plug. In one embodiment, all the aforementioned deposition      processes are carried out by physical vapor deposition (PVD). 
To suppress oxidation of the inner walls of element isolation grooves      otherwise occurring during thermal oxidation processes, a nitrogen      introducing layer, that has a lower diffusion coefficient relative to an      oxidizing agent, is formed at the surface portion of a silicon oxide film      buried within an element isolation groove. This nitrogen introduced layer      functions as a barrier layer for precluding the oxidizer (such as oxygen,      water or the like) in vapor phase from diffusing into the silicon oxide      film during thermal processing steps. The nitrogen introduced layer is      formed by performing nitrogen ion implantation into the entire surface of      a substrate and subsequently applying thermal processing to the substrate      to thereby activate the nitrogen that has been doped. 
A method of forming a MOS transistor in an upper surface of a semiconductor      substrate. A gate oxide layer covers the upper surface of the substrate. A      gate stack comprising one or more thin film layers covers the gate oxide      layer. A gate electrode pattern is partially etched into the gate stack,      the partial etching step being completed before any of the gate oxide      layer is exposed. Sidewall spacers are formed on edge surfaces of the      partially formed gate electrode. Source and drain regions are created by      ion implantation using the partially etched gate electrode and the      sidewall spacers as a mask. The sidewall spacers are removed and lightly      doped drain regions are formed by ion implantation using the partially      etched gate electrode as a mask. 
A process for masking an electronic component substrate involving      application of a temporary mask material to the substrate to form a      removably adhered temporary mask over the surface. Exemplary mask      materials include polymer films and aqueous hardenable liquid coatings. An      electronic component substrate having a temporary mask for masking the      substrate surface from interconnect fill material. 
This system provides for apparatus and process in conjunction with      long-range wireless communication networks such as paging, cell phone and      other networks. The system provides for alarm and other signals received      from a security or other type of detection system to be verified by a      remote user so as to assist in the cancellation of alarms so that false      dispatches can be prevented. 
At the time of performing a polishing process on a tungsten film and a      silicon oxide film, based on the relation between a residual step and      pattern density preliminarily obtained while changing polishing      parameters, from pattern density of plugs in the polishing step and a      predetermined residual step required, polishing parameters are determined      so that a residual step does not exceed a predetermined residual step h.      With the determined polishing parameters, the polishing process is      performed on the tungsten film and the silicon oxide film so that the      films are planarized, and plugs are formed in contact holes. As a result,      a semiconductor device in which a step does not exceeds a predetermined      residual step by a polishing process is obtained. 
The present invention is directed to suppressing the rise of a dielectric      constant of insulating film during a procedure of burying wiring in      semiconductor devices by using a damascene process, and it is also      directed to simplifying a process of manufacturing the semiconductor      devices. In terms of a process step of forming protection film on a metal      layer during the damascene process, there is employed a combined      arrangement of a wash unit where particles are removed from polished      substrates with a processing unit where a solution containing an organic      substance such as benzotriazole, which tends to be bound to the metal      layers, is applied to the metal layers over the substrates after the      particles are removed therefrom. For the combined arrangement of the      processing unit and the wash unit, either a batch processing unit or a      mono/serial processing unit can be employed. 
A method for forming a contact hole of a semiconductor device, wherein a      polymer residual on a bottom surface of the contact hole is treated with      plasma of mixture gas containing oxygen to convert the polymer residual      into a pure silicon oxide film free of carbon and fluorine for easy      removal in a subsequent washing process is disclosed. The method comprises      (a) sequentially forming a capping layer and a planarized interlayer      insulating film on a semiconductor substrate having a predetermined lower      structure; (b) selectively etching the interlayer insulating film to      expose a predetermined region of the capping layer; (c) removing the      exposed capping layer; (d) subjecting the resulting structure to a plasma      treatment using a mixture gas containing oxygen; and (e) performing a      cleaning process. 
In a semiconductor device, a plurality of wiring films are formed on a      front surface of a base comprising an insulating resin and having      electrode-forming holes, the surfaces of the wiring films and the surface      of the base being positioned on the same plane and at least parts of the      wiring films overlapping with the electrode-forming holes; a conductive      material is embedded into the electrode-forming holes to form external      electrodes on the back surface, away from the wiring films, of the base; a      semiconductor element is positioned on the front surface of the base with      an insulating film therebetween, the back surface of the semiconductor      element being bonded to said front surface of the base; wires bond the      electrodes of the semiconductor element to the corresponding wiring films;      and a resin seals the wiring films and the wires. 
An improved method for forming a fuse element is disclosed. During the      formation of the upper capacitor plate in a capacitor structure, metals or      their alloys are simultaneously patterned as an upper capacitor plate and      as a fuse. 
MOS transistors and a methods for manufacturing the same are described. In      one such MOS transistor, source and drain regions 12 are formed in an      element region on an Si substrate 11, and a gate electrode 14 including      silicide is formed through a gate oxide film 13 over a channel region      between the source and drain regions 12. The gate electrode 14 is formed      such that it includes a polysilicon gate electrode 14 and silicide 142 on      an upper portion thereof. At least a thickness of and metal to be      contained in the silicide 142 on the gate electrode 14 are selected      regardless of silicide 121 provided over the source and drain regions 12.      The thickness of the silicide 142 provided over the gate electrode 14 may      be greater than the thickness of the silicide 121 provided over the source      and drain regions 12. 
A method of forming an electronic component includes forming first and      second conductive materials over a substrate, with the second material      having a higher oxidation rate than an oxidation rate of the first      material when exposed to a thermal oxidizing atmosphere. The first and      second conductive materials are first etched to form a conductive      component. The conductive component has opposing outer lateral edges of      the first and second conductive materials which span between the opposing      outer lateral edges. Second etching is conducted into both of the second      material outer lateral edges to recess them inside of the first material      outer lateral edges. After the second etching, the substrate is exposed to      the thermal oxidizing atmosphere effective to grow an oxide layer over      both of the outer lateral edges of the first and second conductive      materials. Electronic components are disclosed and claimed independent of      any method of manufacture. 
A method of forming inter-level contacts or vias between metal layers using      a tungsten film deposited into the via using non-collimated sputter      deposition. The sputter chamber is configured with a pressure of about 1      mTorr to about 10 mTorr with an inert gas flow of at least 25 cm.sup.3      /min to about 150 cm.sup.3 /min. Shielding inside the chamber is coated      with a material, preferably, aluminum oxide, that promotes adhesion of      tungsten to the shielding. An adhesion layer of titanium may be included      prior to deposition of the tungsten film. Non-collimated sputter      deposition increases the target to substrate distance inside the sputter      chamber; reduces the heating effect associated with traditional collimated      sputtering; and provides more robust diffusion barriers. 
The introduction of a barrier diffusion material, such as nitrogen, into a      silicon-containing conductive region, for example the drain and source      regions and the gate electrode of a field effect transistor, allows the      formation of nickel silicide, which is substantially thermally stable up      to temperatures of 500.degree. C. Thus, the device performance may      significantly improve as the sheet resistance of nickel silicide is      significantly less than that of nickel disilicide. 
The process for manufacturing a through insulated interconnection is      performed by forming, in a body of semiconductor material, a trench      extending from the front (of the body for a thickness portion thereof;      filling the trench with dielectric material; thinning the body starting      from the rear until the trench, so as to form an insulated region      surrounded by dielectric material; and forming a conductive region      extending inside said insulated region between the front and the rear of      the body and having a higher conductivity than the first body. The      conductive region includes a metal region extending in an opening formed      inside the insulated region or of a heavily doped semiconductor region,      made prior to filling of the trench. 
An apparatus and method for the emergency release of passengers who are      trapped in an elevator car due to an operational disturbance includes a      remote alarm device in the elevator car for summoning help from outside      the building and equipment for the remote actuation from the elevator car      of an electrical closing or locking system of a building outer door.      Expert service personnel summoned from outside the building thus gain      access to the elevator even when the building door is locked in order to      release the trapped passengers. The actuation can be by a specific button      installed in the car control panel or through input of a code or by a      button combination of the control panel elements. According to a preferred      embodiment, the remote unlocking is possible only temporarily, so as to      prevent misuse of the emergency situation. 
The invention provides a method of pattering a substrate, in which a first      material in solution is deposited on the substrate. The composition of the      solution of the first material is selected so it dries to leave a residue      of the first material on the substrate, the residue comprising a thin film      in the centre and a ridge around the perimeter. The residue is etched to      remove the thin film, leaving the ridge on the substrate. After etching      the ridge is hydrophobic and the substrate is hydrophilic. An aqueous      solution of a second material is then deposited on both sides of the      ridge. After the aqueous solution has dried, the ridge is removed, leaving      a layer of the second material on the substrate, the layer having a narrow      gap therethrough. The layer may be used for the source and drain      electrodes of an organic thin film transistor. 
A semiconductor device of this invention is a single-layer gate nonvolatile      semiconductor memory in which a floating gate having a predetermined shape      is formed on a semiconductor substrate. This floating gate opposes a      diffusion layer serving as a control gate via a gate oxide film and is      capacitively coupled with the diffusion layer by using the gate oxide film      as a dielectric film. The diffusion layer immediately below the dielectric      film is insulated from the semiconductor substrate by an insulating film      such as a silicon oxide film. A pair of diffusion layers are formed in      surface regions of the semiconductor substrate on the two sides of the      floating gate extending on a tunnel oxide film. This invention can realize      a reliable semiconductor device which is a single-layer gate semiconductor      device by which a low-cost process is possible, has a control gate which      can well withstand a high voltage applied when data is erased or written,      and can prevent an operation error by minimizing variations in the      threshold value. 
A method of manufacturing a semiconductor device, which method comprises      the step of epitaxially growing a stack comprising an n-type doped layer      of a semiconductor material followed by at least one further layer of a      semiconductor material, the stack being grown in one continuous cycle. 
The present invention relates to a method of manufacturing a wafer in which      a heterogeneous material compound is detached at a pre-determined      detachment area of the compound, and the compound is subject to a thermal      treatment. It is the object of the present invention to provide an easy      and effective method of detachment a heterogeneous material compound with      a reduced risk of an undefined breaking of the compound. The object is      solved by a method wherein the thermal treatment includes annealing the      compound, where the annealing is stopped before a detachment of the      compound, and an irradiation of the compound with photons in order to      obtain a detachment of the compound at the pre-determined detachment area. 
A method of chemical-mechanical polishing for forming a shallow trench      isolation is disclosed. A substrate having a number of active regions,      including a number of relative large active regions and a number of      relative small active regions, is provided. The method comprises the      following steps. A silicon nitride layer on the substrate is first formed      A number of shallow trenches are formed between the active regions An      oxide layer is formed over the substrate, so that the shallow trenches are      filled with the oxide layer. A partial reverse active mask is formed on      the oxide layer. The partial rever active mask has an opening at a central      part of each relative large active region. The opening exposes a portion      of the oxide layer. The opening has at least a dummy pattern. The oxide      layer on the central part of each large active region is removed to expose      the silicon nitride layer. The partial reverse active mask is removed The      oxide layer is planarized to expose the silicon nitride layer. 
The present invention provides a method of forming a trench isolation in a      substrate, which comprises the steps of: forming a trench groove in a      substrate; forming a first electrically insulating layer which fills the      trench groove and extends over an upper surface of the substrate, wherein      the first electrically insulating layer has a first surface migration, and      an upper surface of the first electrically insulating layer has a first      hollow positioned over the trench groove; and forming a second      electrically insulating layer over the first electrically insulating      layer, wherein the second electrically insulating layer fills the first      hollow, and an upper surface of the second electrically insulating layer      has a second hollow positioned over the trench groove, and the second      electrically insulating layer has a second surface migration smaller than      the first surface migration. 
A method for forming back-end-of-line (BEOL) interconnect structures in      disclosed. The method and resulting structure includes etchback for low-k      dielectric materials. Specifically, a low dielectric constant material is      integrated into a dual or single damascene wiring structure which contains      a dielectric material having relatively high dielectric constant (i.e.,      4.0 or higher). The damascene structure comprises the higher dielectric      constant material immediately adjacent to the metal interconnects, thus      benefiting from the mechanical characteristics of these materials, while      incorporating the lower dielectric constant material in other areas of the      interconnect level. 
Dummy features (64, 65, 48a, 48b) are formed within an interlevel      dielectric layer (36). Passivation layers (32 and 54) are formed by      electroless deposition to protect the underlying conductive regions (44,      48a, 48b and 30) from being penetrated from the air gaps (74). In      addition, the passivation layers (32 and 54) overhang the underlying      conductive regions (44, 48a, 48b and 30), thereby defining dummy features      (65a, 65b and 67) adjacent the conductive regions (48a, 44 and 48b). The      passivation layers (32 and 54) can be formed without additional patterning      steps and help minimize misaligned vias from puncturing air gaps. 
A capacitor formed by a person using only two deposition steps and a      dielectric formed by oxidizing a metal layer in an electrolytic solution.      The capacitor has first and second conductive plates and a dielectric is      formed from the first conductive plate. 
A method for fabricating a capacitor on a semiconductor substrate is      disclosed. The method may include simultaneously forming at least one via      and at least one upper capacitor plate opening in a first dielectric layer      having an underlying cap dielectric layer deposited over a first material      region having a first conductive material within a conductive region and      forming a trench above the via. The method may also include filling the      via, trench, and upper capacitor plate opening with a second conductive      material resulting in an integrated circuit structure and employing CMP to      remove any excess second conductive material from the integrated circuit      structure. 
An apparatus operable in a wet environment for detecting the presence or      absence of water in a non-conductive vessel, by measuring changes in      dielectric constant and detecting the temperature of water in same vessel.      A conductive element coupled to a sensing and switching means, transmits      data to the controller, resulting from a change of dielectric constant at      the conductive element. A temperature sensor detects and transmits      temperature signals to the controller. A controller means receives data,      from the dielectric constant sensor means and temperature data from the      temperature sensor. Includes a coupling means which transmits data from      the controller to an external device. The isolation means electrically      isolates the conductive element and temperature sensor means from the      water contained in a non-conductive vessel. 
A circuit board for a liquid discharging apparatus in which coating      performance of a protective layer and a cavitation resistive film on a      heat generating element is excellent and durability is excellent and a      manufacturing method of such a circuit board are provided. A surface      portion of a wiring material layer is processed so that an etching speed      of the surface portion is made higher than that of the material forming      the wiring material layer. It is desirable to execute a process for      forming at least one selected from a fluoride, a chloride, and a nitride      of the material forming the wiring material layer into the surface portion      of the wiring material layer. 
A method for fabricating a bipolar transistor includes forming a first      region of a first conductivity type in a semiconductor structure to form a      collector region and forming a second region of a second conductivity type      in the first region to form a base region. A first mask is applied      including an opening defining an emitter region of the bipolar transistor.      The method further includes a triple implantation process using the first      mask. Thus, a third region of the first conductivity type is formed in the      first region and overlaid the second region. A fourth region of the second      conductivity type is formed in the second region and is more heavily doped      than the second region. A fifth region of the first conductivity type is      formed in the second region and above the fourth region. The fifth region      forms the emitter region of the bipolar transistor. 
The semiconductor device comprises a first semiconductor layer 14 formed on      a semiconductor substrate 10; an outgoing base electrode 26 formed on the      first semiconductor layer 14; a base layer 32 formed on the first      semiconductor layer, connected to the outgoing base electrode at a side      surface of the outgoing base electrode, and formed of silicon germanium      containing carbon; and a second semiconductor layer 36 formed on the base      layer. The base layer 32 of silicon germanium contains carbon, which      prevents the action of interstitial silicon atoms, which are very      influential to diffusion of boron. As a result, when the emitter layer 36,      etc. are subjected to heat processing at, e.g., about 950.degree. C., the      diffusion of boron out of the base layer 32 can be prevented. 
High-voltage bipolar transistors (30, 60) in silicon-on-insulator (SOI)      integrated circuits are disclosed. In one disclosed embodiment, an      collector region (28) is formed in epitaxial silicon (24, 25) disposed      over a buried insulator layer (22). A base region (32) and emitter (36)      are disposed over the collector region (28). Buried collector region (31)      are disposed in the epitaxial silicon (24) away from the base region (32).      The transistor may be arranged in a rectangular fashion, as conventional,      or alternatively by forming an annular buried collector region (31).      According to another disclosed embodiment, a high voltage transistor (60)      includes a central isolation structure (62), so that the base region (65)      and emitter region (66) are ring-shaped to provide improved performance. A      process for fabricating the high voltage transistor (30, 60)      simultaneously with a high performance transistor (40) is also disclosed. 
A method for reducing line edge roughness (LER) of a semiconductor gate      structure includes patterning a photoresist layer formed over an oxide      hardmask layer. The photoresist layer is etched so as to transfer a      photoresist pattern to the oxide hardmask layer, the photoresist pattern      having an initial LER. The exposed surfaces of the oxide hardmask are      etched with a chemical oxide removal (COR) so as to form a reaction      product on the exposed surfaces, wherein concave portions of the exposed      surfaces are etched at a reduced rate with respect to convex portions of      the exposed surfaces. 
A method for fabricating a high-voltage transistor with an extended drain      region includes forming an epitaxial layer on a substrate, the epitaxal      layer and the substrate being of a first conductivity type; then etching      the epitaxial layer to form a pair of spaced-apart trenches that define      first and second sidewall portions of the epitaxial layer. A dielectric      layer is formed that partially fills each of the trenches, covering the      first and second sidewall portions. The remaining portions of the trenches      are then filled with a conductive material to form first and second field      plate members that are insulated from the substrate and the epitaxial      layer. It is emphasized that this abstract is provided to comply with the      rules requiring an abstract that will allow a searcher or other reader to      quickly ascertain the subject matter of the technical disclosure. It is      submitted with the understanding that it will not be used o interpret or      limit the scope or meaning of the claims. 37 CFR 1.72(b). 
A fabrication method for a silicon nitride read only memory includes      sequentially forming a tunneling oxide layer and a charge capture layer on      a substrate. An isolation region is formed in the charge capture layer to      partition the charge capture layer into a plurality of charge capture      blocks. A stacked dielectric layer is then formed on the charge capture      layer and the isolation region. Thereafter, the stacked dielectric layer      and the charge capture layer are patterned to expose regions of the      substrate for forming bit lines, followed by forming a field oxide layer      and a control gate. A step of threshold voltage adjustment is subsequently      performed such that the channel regions under the charge capture blocks      are implanted to adjust the threshold voltages thereof 
The invention proposes to simplify fabrication of the twin MONOS memory      array. The twin MONOS memory array can be embedded into a standard CMOS      circuit by the process of the present invention by adding only three      additional mask levels. Conventional floating gate devices need ten or      more extra masks. In the present invention, the unique twin MONOS process      steps can be inserted into the standard CMOS process flow without any      parameter modifications. The present invention also achieves increased      endurance by means of reducing the widths of the sidewall control gate and      underlying nitride storage region. 
A flash memory with a self-aligned spilt gate and the methods for      fabricating and operating the same are described. The flash cell consists      of a substrate having a deep n-type well and a shallow p-type well in the      deep n-type well therein, a control gate structure on the gate oxide layer      located on the p-type shallow well, a floating gate on one sidewall of the      control gate and over the substrate, a tunnel oxide layer between the      control gate and the floating gate and between the floating gate and the      substrate, a drain and a common source disposed beneath each side of the      control gate in the substrate, wherein the depth of the drain and the      common source are larger than the depth of the shallow p-type well, a      pocket p-type well in the substrate around the drain and electrically      connecting with the shallow p-type well. 
A floating gate of a nonvolatile memory cell is formed from two conductive      layers (410.1, 410.2). A dielectric (210) in substrate isolation regions      and the first of the two conductive layers providing the floating gates      (410.1) are formed so that the dielectric has an exposed sidewall. At      least the top portion of the sidewall is exposed. Then some of the      dielectric is removed from the exposed portions of the dielectric      sidewalls to laterally recess the sidewalls. Then the second conductive      layer (410.2) for the floating gates is formed. The recessed sidewalls of      the dielectric allow the second conductive layer to expand laterally, thus      increasing the capacitive coupling between the floating and control gates      and improving the gate coupling ratio. 

Tension alert device is used with a load secured to a vehicle load bed,      which has a securing belt having a connector portion and an attachment      link. The device includes a connector sleeve, with an axial bore and a      sleeve end portion, which is connected to the link. A first contacter      connects to an inner end portion of the sleeve and faces into the axial      bore. A second contacter slides in the bore along a restricted path of      travel and has a second load bed connector. The second contacter faces the      first contacter and is urged away from it when the belt has a first      tension threshold value. The first contacter has an electrical signal      generator for producing an electrical signal, which is activated when the      second contacter is biased against it when the belt attains a second      threshold tension value. 
A method for fabricating a semiconductor device includes preparing a      semiconductor substrate having a contact pad; forming a first insulating      film having a storage node contact exposing the contact pad and having a      stack structure of an upper interlayer insulating film, a bottom      interlayer insulating film, and an etching stopper between the upper and      bottom interlayer insulating layers that protrudes into the storage node      contact; forming a first conductive film for a storage node on the      substrate; forming a second insulating film where a portion of a surface      corresponding to the storage node contact is recessed; forming an etching      mask layer on the recessed portion of the second insulating film; etching      the second insulating film using the etching mask layer; forming a second      conductive film for a storage node on the substrate; etching the first and      second conductive films to isolate nodes; and removing the etching mask      layer, the second insulating film and the upper interlayer insulating      film. 
A method of manufacturing a semiconductor device includes forming a first      interlayer insulation film on a semiconductor substrate, depositing a      first metal film on the first interlayer insulation film, depositing an      antireflection film including a dielectric layer on an upper surface of      the first metal film, patterning the first metal film and the      antireflection film to form a lower electrode having the antireflection      film on an upper surface thereof, forming a second interlayer insulation      film on the antireflection film, forming first and second openings in a      first region and in a second region in the second interlayer insulation      film, respectively, removing a portion of the antireflection film where      the second opening is formed, depositing a second metal film on the second      interlayer insulation film, and removing the second metal film except in      the first and second openings to form an upper electrode in the first      opening, and a contact in the second opening. 
An area-efficient stack capacitor for use in an integrated circuit      comprises, in one embodiment, a layer of elemental platinum (Pt) as a      bottom electrode, a layer of hemispherical grained poly Si on top of the      Pt bottom electrode, a second layer of Pt deposited over the layer of      hemispherical grained poly Si, a layer of dielectric deposited over the      second layer of Pt, and a third layer of Pt deposited over the dielectric      layer, where the third layer of Pt acts as upper electrode. 
Disclosed is a capacitor construction for a more uniformly thick capacitor      dielectric layer, and a method for fabricating the same. The method has      special utility where the bottom electrode comprises composite layers over      which the capacitor dielectric demonstrates differential growth during      deposition. Exposed portions of an underlying first electrode layer, are      covered either by a conductive or dielectric spacer, or by a dielectric      padding. For the preferred embodiments, in which the bottom electrode      comprises titanium carbonitride over rough polysilicon, a dielectric      padding may be formed during a rapid thermal nitridation step, which      causes silicon nitride to grow out of an exposed polysilicon sidewall.      Alternatively, a sidewall spacer may be formed by deposition an additional      layer of titanium nitride over the original titanim nitride strap, and      performing a spacer etch. 
A method and apparatus are described which provide a memory device with      sense amplifiers extending in a first direction and corresponding digit      lines extending in a second direction perpendicular to the first      direction. A pair of complementary digit lines may originate from      different memory sub-arrays. The arrangement is particular useful for      memory arrays having 6F**2 feature size. 
Embodiments include a semiconductor device and a method for manufacturing      the same, which simplify the manufacturing steps and provide split gate      type non-volatile memory transistors and other device elements mounted on      the same chip. In one method, the step of forming the lower electrode of a      capacitor 540 and the step of forming a floating gate 40 of a memory      transistor 400 are conducted in different steps. As a result,      characteristics of the floating gate 40 and characteristics of the lower      electrode 54 can be independently optimized. On the other hand, the step      of forming a control gate 36 of the memory transistor 400 and the step of      forming an upper electrode 58 of the capacitor 540 are conducted in the      same step. As a result, the manufacturing process is simplified. 
A semiconductor memory is fabricated with a vertical transistor situated in      an upper section of a trench above a trench capacitor. First, an auxiliary      insulation layer is applied to the conductive material of an inner      electrode or to a connecting material of the trench capacitor. The      connecting material is situated on the inner electrode, so that, during an      epitaxial deposition, semiconductor material grows only on the uncovered      sidewalls in the upper section of the trench. A nitride layer, is      deposited conformally and the residual cavity between the inner electrode      and the epitaxial semiconductor layer is filled with a doped further      conductive material. The nitride layer isolates the epitaxial      semiconductor layer from the further conductive material, so that no      crystal lattice defects can propagate from there into the epitaxial      semiconductor layer. Dopants are outdiffused from the further conductive      material into the epitaxial semiconductor layer to form a doping region. 
A method of forming a buried collar on the sidewall of a trench in a      semiconductor substrate including: (a) providing the trench in the      semiconductor substrate, the trench having a first dielectric layer formed      on a sidewall in a upper region of the trench and a conductive material      filling a lower region of the trench, the conductive material covering a      lower portion of the first dielectric layer; (b) removing the first      dielectric layer not covered by the conductive material; (c) forming a      second dielectric layer on the exposed sidewall of the upper region and on      a top surface of the conductive material; (d) removing an uppermost      portion of the second dielectric layer from the sidewall in the upper      region; (e) forming a third dielectric layer on the exposed sidewall of      the upper region; and (f) increasing the thickness of the second      dielectric layer to form the buried collar. 
A semiconductor memory device has access transistors with a gate and a pair      of impurity diffusion layers formed on a semiconductor substrate and      memory capacitors with a storage node electrode and a cell plate      electrode. The electrodes are connected to each other via a capacitive      insulating layer made of a ferroelectric material. The storage node      electrode has a surface covered with the capacitive insulating layer and      is formed in a shape of column on one of the pair of impurity diffusion      layers in a hole formed from an inter-layer insulating film covering the      access transistor to the one of the pair of impurity diffusion layers. A      upper surface of the column does not exceed the inter-layer insulating      film. The storage node electrode formed in the hole face the cell plate      electrode via the inter-layer insulating film. 
A semiconductor (10) has an active device, such as a transistor, with a      directly underlying passive device, such as a capacitor (75, 77, 79), that      are connected by a via or conductive region (52) and interconnect (68,      99). The via or conductive region (52) contacts a bottom surface of a      diffusion or source region (22) of the transistor and contacts a first      (75) of the capacitor electrodes. A laterally positioned vertical via (32,      54, 68) and interconnect (99) contacts a second (79) of the capacitor      electrodes. A metal interconnect or conductive material (68) may be used      as a power plane that saves circuit area by implementing the power plane      underneath the transistor rather than adjacent the transistor. 
A device for initiating an opening and locking procedure of a motor      vehicle. The device includes a first proximity sensor which generates an      unlocking intent signal for initiating an opening procedure of a closing      system of a vehicle when a user approaches the first proximity sensor. A      second proximity sensor is also provided, generating a locking intent      signal for initiating a locking procedure of the closing system of the      vehicle when a user approaches the second proximity sensor. 
A scrubbing controller used with a DRAM stores data in an error correcting      code format. The system then uses a memory control state machine and      associated timer to periodically cause the DRAM to read the error      correcting codes. An ECC generator/checker in the scrubbing controller      then detects any errors in the read error correcting codes, and generates      corrected error correcting codes that are written to the DRAM. This      scrubbing procedure, by reading error correcting codes from the DRAM,      inherently refreshes memory cells in the DRAM. The error correcting codes      are read at rate that may allow data errors to be generated, but these      errors are corrected in the memory scrubbing procedure. However, the low      rate at which the error correcting codes are read results in a substantial      power saving compared to refreshing the memory cells at a higher rate      needed to ensure that no data errors are generated. 
A method of forming a contact hole of a semiconductor device that is able      to prevent excessive etching of an interlayer dielectric pattern includes      forming a gate pattern including a first insulation layer pattern, a      conductive layer pattern, a capping insulation layer pattern, and a second      insulation layer pattern on a substrate; forming a spacer using an      insulating material on a sidewall of the gate pattern; forming an      interlayer dielectric on the substrate on which the gate pattern and the      spacer are formed; forming a contact hole and an interlayer dielectric      pattern for exposing the substrate by etching the interlayer dielectric;      forming a liner spacer on a sidewall of the spacer and the interlayer      dielectric pattern; and cleaning the resultant structure using a cleaning      solution. The cleaning solution preferably includes includes ozone water      and hydrogen fluoride (HF). 
A method and apparatus to form a high-concentration, indium-fluorine      retrograde well within a substrate. The indium-fluorine retrograde well      includes an indium concentration greater than about 3E18/cm3. 
A plurality of p-wells and n-wells are formed in a front side of a bulk      material, and a plurality of n layers and p layers are alternately formed      within the bulk material between a back side of the bulk material and the      plurality of n-wells and p-wells. The plurality of n layers are      electrically isolated from one another and respectively route different      potentials to selected ones of the plurality of n-wells, and likewise, the      plurality of p layers are electrically isolated from one another and      respectively route different potentials to selected ones of the plurality      of p-wells. 
A semiconductor device includes a gate insulating film formed on a silicon      substrate, a gate electrode formed on the gate insulating film, and an      electrical insulating film formed on the gate electrode. The electrical      insulating film includes a N--H bond and substantially no Si--H bond. The      electrical insulating film is formed by using tetrachlorosilane      (SiCl.sub.4) that contains no hydrogen (H) as a source gas for a silicon      nitride film. Thus, the semiconductor device can suppress residual      hydrogen in the gate insulating film and prevent interface defects of the      gate insulating film, a shift in the threshold voltage of a transistor,      and the degradation of an on-state current. A method for manufacturing the      semiconductor device also is provided. 
The present invention discloses semiconductor device which comprises a      metal gate electrode surrounded by polysilicon layers and a gate      insulating film whose edges are thicker than the center portion formed      according to a reoxidation process using a thermal process before the      formation of an ion implantation region in a process for forming the metal      gate electrode using a replacement process and method for manufacturing      the same. 
A method is provided for forming a self-aligned, selectively etched, double      recess high electron mobility transistor. The method includes providing a      semiconductor structure having a III-V substrate; a first relatively wide      band gap layer, a channel layer, a second relatively wide band gap      Schottky layer, an etch stop layer; a III-V third wide band gap layer on      etch stop layer; and an ohmic contact layer on the third relatively wide      band gap layer. A mask is provided having a gate contact aperture to      expose a gate region of the ohmic contact layer. A first wet chemical etch      is brought into contact with portions of the ohmic contact layer exposed      by the gate contact aperture. The first wet chemical selectively removes      exposed portions of the ohmic contact layer and underlying portions of the      third relatively wide band gap layer. The etch stop layer inhibits the      first wet chemical etch from removing portions of such etch stop layer.      Next, a second wet chemical etch is brought into contact with structure      etched by the first wet chemical etch. The second wet chemical etch      selectively removes exposed portions of the ohmic contact layer while      leaving substantially un-etched exposed portions of the third relatively      wide band gap layer, the Schottky contact layer and the etch stop layer.      The etch stop layer is removed. A metal layer is deposited over the mask      and through gate aperture therein onto, and in Schottky contact with, the      Schottky contact layer. 
This invention improves TFT characteristics by making an interface between      an active layer, especially a region forming a channel formation region      and an insulating film excellent, and provides a semiconductor device      provided with a semiconductor circuit made of a semiconductor element      having uniform characteristics and a method of fabricating the same. In      order to achieve the object, a gate wiring line is formed on a substrate      or an under film, a gate insulating film, an initial semiconductor film,      and an insulating film are formed into a laminate without exposing them to      the atmosphere, and after the initial semiconductor film is crystallized      by irradiation of infrared light or ultraviolet light (laser light)      through the insulating film, patterning is carried out to obtain an active      layer and a protection film each having a desired shape, and then, a      resist mask is used to fabricate the semiconductor device provided with an      LDD structure. 
A structure and process for making a non-aligned MOSFET structure for ESD      protection using resistor wells as the diffusions and adjustable      capacitors. The present invention compensates the shallow extension region      without the need for additional masks. The source/drain doping is less      than that of a normal MOSFET but extends deeper into the silicon since the      present invention uses a resistor well as the source/drain. The deeper      emitter/collector increases the second trigger current of the NFET when      used as an ESD protection device. 
A method for forming a polysilicon FinFET (10) or other thin film      transistor structure includes forming an insulative layer (12) over a      semiconductor substrate (14). An amorphous silicon layer (32) forms over      the insulative layer (12). A silicon germanium seed layer (44) forms in      association with the amorphous silicon layer (32) for controlling silicon      grain growth. The polysilicon layer arises from annealing the amorphous      silicon layer (32). During the annealing step, silicon germanium seed      layer (44), together with silicon germanium layer (34), catalyzes silicon      recrystallization to promote growing larger crystalline grains, as well as      fewer grain boundaries within the resulting polysilicon layer. Source      (16), drain (18), and channel (20) regions are formed within the      polysilicon layer. A double-gated region (24) forms in association with      source (16), drain (18), and channel (20) to produce polysilicon FinFET      (10). 
A side mirror retracting vehicle alarm system for automatically retracting      side mirrors of a vehicle while the alarm system is activated includes a      vehicle having a side mirror and a side mirror retraction assembly. A      vehicle alarm assembly is operationally associated with the vehicle for      inhibiting theft of the vehicle. The vehicle alarm assembly includes an      activation mechanism for selectively activating the vehicle alarm assembly      to a ready state. The mirror retraction assembly is operationally coupled      to the activation mechanism of the vehicle alarm assembly such that      activation of the vehicle alarm assembly retracts the side mirror. In an      embodiment, extension of the side mirror is achieved only by authorized      deactivation of the vehicle alarm assembly. 
An N.sup.- -type silicon substrate (1) has a bottom surface and an upper      surface which are opposed to each other. In the bottom surface of the      N.sup.- -type silicon substrate (1), a P-type impurity diffusion layer (3)      of high concentration is entirely formed by diffusing a P-type impurity.      In the upper surface of the N.sup.- -type silicon substrate (1), a P-type      isolation region (2) is partially formed by diffusing a P-type impurity.      The P-type isolation region (2) has a bottom surface reaching an upper      surface of the P-type impurity diffusion layer (3). As viewed from the      upper surface side of the N.sup.- -type silicon substrate (1), the P-type      isolation region (2) is formed, surrounding an N.sup.- region (1a) which      is part of the N.sup.- -type silicon substrate (1). The N.sup.- region      (1a) surrounded by the P-type isolation region (2) is defined as an      element formation region of the N.sup.- -type silicon substrate (1). Thus      obtained are a semiconductor device and a method of manufacturing the      same, and a semiconductor substrate and a method of manufacturing the      same, which make it possible to retain bidirectional breakdown voltages      and ensure high reliability. 
In a semiconductor integrated circuit device having a system-on-chip      structure in which a DRAM and a logic integrated circuit are mixedly      mounted on a chip, a silicide layer is formed on the surfaces of the      source and the drain of a MISFET of a direct peripheral circuit of the      DRAM, the surfaces of the source and the drain of a MISFET of an indirect      peripheral circuit of the DRAM, and the surfaces of the source and the      drain of a MISFET of the logic integrated circuit, and the silicide layer      is not formed on the surfaces of the source and the drain of a memory cell      selective MISFET of the memory cell of the DRAM. 
A method and apparatus for reducing or eliminating the formation of air      pockets or voids in a flowable material provided in contact with at least      one substrate. The flowable material is provided in a non-horizontal      direction and flows from a lower portion to an upper portion. As a result,      the flowable material is provided uniformly with a single, uniform flow      front due to gravity acting thereon and gravity thereby substantially      preventing voids and air pockets from forming in the flowable material. In      one embodiment, the at least one substrate is provided in the cavity of a      transfer mold in which the cavity is filled from a gate at a lower portion      of the cavity to a vent at an upper portion of the cavity. In another      embodiment, a bumped semiconductor device is attached to a substrate      having a gap therebetween, in which the gap is oriented longitudinally      perpendicular to a horizontal plane so that the flowable material may fill      the gap in a vertical direction. 
A clad plate for forming an interposer for a semiconductor device which can      be manufactured at low cost and has good characteristics, an interposer      for a semiconductor device, and a method of manufacturing them. Copper      foil materials (19, 24, 33) forming conductive layers (10, 17, 18) and      nickel plating (20, 21) forming etching stopper layers (11, 12) are formed      and pressed to form a clad plate (34) for forming an interposer for a      semiconductor device. Thus, a clad plate (34) for forming an interposer      for a semiconductor device is manufactured. The clad plate (34) is      selectively etched to form a columnar conductor (17), and an insulating      layer (13) is formed on the copper foil material forming a wiring layer      (10). A bump (18) for connection of a semiconductor chip and the wiring      layer (10) are formed on the opposite side to the side on which the      columnar conductor (17) is formed. Thus, an interposer for a semiconductor      device is manufactured. 
