A bump is formed on at least one of a semiconductor chip and printed      circuit board. A sealing material is applied to the surface of one of the      semiconductor chip and printed circuit board. The printed circuit board is      flip-chip-connected to the semiconductor chip via the sealing material      while ultrasonic waves are applied to the printed circuit board to promote      bonding by the bump. 
A method of manufacturing a semiconductor device comprises a step of      preparing a substrate in which a plurality of electrode members are      individually placed on one main surface thereof in separated form, a step      of placing a semiconductor chip on the one main surface of the substrate      and electrically connecting a plurality of electrodes formed on one main      surface of the semiconductor chip and the plurality of electrode members      respectively, a step of forming a resin encapsulater for sealing the      semiconductor chip and the plurality of electrode members on the one main      surface of the substrate, and a step of separating the semiconductor chip      and the plurality of electrode members from the substrate together with      the resin encapsulater. 
A substrate with stacked vias and fine circuits and a method for      fabricating the substrate are proposed. A core layer is formed with a      metal layer respectively on upper and lower surfaces thereof, and at least      one through hole. A first insulating layer is applied over the metal layer      on the upper surface of the core layer and selectively formed with at      least one first opening for exposing the metal layer. A metal layer is      formed within the first opening, and a second insulating layer is applied      over the first insulating layer and formed with a plurality of second      openings, wherein the metal layer within the first opening is exposed via      at least one second opening. After a conductive layer is applied over the      second insulating layer and within the second openings, a metal layer is      formed within the second openings. Finally, the conductive layer is      removed by micro-etching. 
A method for producing a molded flip chip package is described. According      to one embodiment, an incomplete flip chip package comprising a thin      substrate and a silicon chip is placed in a mold, and a resin is injected      into the mold filling the gap between the surface of the flip chip and the      adjacent substrate, and the resin is cured by maintaining the mold at an      elevated temperature for a predetermined amount of time. 
A semiconductor device having a plurality of semiconductor chips      respectively joined to predetermined positions on a surface of a solid,      and a frame holding the plurality of semiconductor chips in a relative      positional relationship corresponding to joint positions on the surface of      the solid. The solid may be another semiconductor chip or a wiring board.      The plurality of semiconductor chips may be bonded to a surface, opposite      to the surface, of the solid, of the frame. The plurality of semiconductor      chips may be respectively fitted in through holes formed in the frame. 
A control system for an actuator used to actuate a device. A receiver in      the control system receives different transmitter identifiers from      multiple transmitters. A central processor coupled to the receiver uses a      received transmitter identifier as the address of a memory location. If      the control system is set to a write mode when the transmitter identifier      is received, a valid bit is set in the addressed memory location to      indicate that the transmitter identifier is valid. If the control system      is set to read mode when the transmitter identifier is received, the      addressed memory location is examined to determine if a valid bit has been      set. If the valid bit has been set, the central processor transmits a      signal for actuating the device. 
The present invention relates to a flip chip package comprising a chip      assembly, a substrate, and an underfill material. The chip assembly has at      least one chip. Each chips has a plurality of bond pads formed on a bottom      portion of the chip. Each bond pad has a first solder bump formed on the      bond pad. The chips are packaged by molding compound to form the chip      assembly. The chip assembly has a bottom surface exposing a portion of the      first solder bumps. The substrate has a plurality of support pads formed      on a top surface of the substrate. Each support pad has a second solder      bump formed on the support pad. The first solder bumps electrically      connect to the second solder bumps to support the chip assembly by the      substrate. The underfill material fills into a gap between the bottom      surface of the chip assembly and the top surface of the substrate so as to      form the flip chip package. Therefore, when the flip chip package      structure is cut into a piece of flip chip package, the chip will not      break because there is molding compound around the chip. Besides, a logo      or company name is printed on the molding compound, not on the chip      directly, so it will not hurt the chip. According to the invention, the      product yield rate can be improved. 
A semiconductor die and an associated low resistance interconnect located      primarily on the bottom surface of such die is disclosed. This arrangement      provides a flexible packaging structure permitting easy interconnected      with other integrated circuits; in this manner, a number of such circuits      can be stacked to create high circuit density multi-chip modules. A      process for making the device is further disclosed. To preserve structural      integrity of a wafer containing such die during manufacturing, a      through-hole via formed as part of the interconnect is filled with an      inert material during operations associated with subsequent active device      formation on such die. 
A micromachine package includes a micromachine chip having a front surface      and a micromachine area on the front surface. The micromachine package      further includes a substrate having at least one vent extending through      the substrate. A seal layer extends between the front surface of the      micromachine chip and an upper surface of the substrate. The vent extends      to the seal layer directly opposite of a cavity defined by an upper      surface of the seal layer and the front surface of the micromachine chip.      The micromachine area is located within the cavity. 
On a transparent substrate, by use of, for instance, vapor deposition, an      Al film is formed. Subsequently, with a DC-bias applied on a surface of      the Al film, a first zinc oxide thin film is formed by use of a sputtering      method. On a surface of the first zinc oxide thin film, according to an      atmospheric MO-CVD method, a second zinc oxide thin film is formed. When      the second zinc oxide thin film deposited by use of an MO-CVD method is      formed on the first zinc oxide thin film having a-axis orientation, the      second zinc oxide thin film becomes to have the a-axis orientation. Since      the Al thin film, owing to heat during the deposition by use of the MO-CVD      method, is absorbed in the first zinc oxide thin film, the transparency is      improved. As a result, a sample having a ZnO/ZnO/Al/glass structure      becomes high in the transparency as a whole. 
In programmable conductor memory cells, metal ions precipitate out of a      glass electrolyte element in response to an applied electric field in one      direction only, causing a conductive pathway to grow from cathode to      anode. The amount of conductive pathway growth, and therefore the      programming, depends, in part, on the availability of metal ions. It is      important that the metal ions come only from the solid solution of the      memory cell body. If additional metal ions are supplied from other      sources, such as the sidewall edge at the anode interface, the amount of      metal ions may not be directly related to the strength of the electric      field, and the programming will not respond consistently from cell to      cell. The embodiments described herein provide new and novel structures      that block interface diffusion paths for metal ions, leaving diffusion      from the bulk glass electrolyte as the only supply of metal ions for      conductive pathway formation. 
An infrared detector has a window in a cover having a cavity for exposing      detector pixels to incident radiation. The window has an antireflective      element formed within the cavity as a field of posts. The field of post      structures is formed in a cavity by etching the posts in a desired pattern      first, and forming the cavity by a general etch over the whole field      afterward. 
A method of fabricating a solid-state imaging device is provided, which      enables the formation of an anti-reflection film by oxidizing a surface of      a metallic light-shield film without adding additional steps, even though      the metallic light-shield film is composed of not only refractory metal      silicide but also metals, including tungsten and molybdenum. The method      comprises the steps of forming a metallic light-shield film on a light      receiving sensor and a transfer electrode formed on a surface layer of a      wafer, forming an opening on the metallic light-shield film on the light      receiving sensor by etching, forming an interlayer film, and shaping the      interlayer film into a lens shape by heat treatment. An atmosphere of      either one or both of oxygen gas and ozone gas is prepared in a chamber      for forming the interlayer film, and a surface of the metallic      light-shield-film is oxidized before the interlayer film is formed. 
The present invention is directed to manufacturing methods of electrostatic      type MEMS devices. The manufacturing method of the present invention      includes the steps of forming a substrate side electrode on a substrate,      forming a fluid film before or after forming a sacrificial layer, further      forming a beam having a driving side electrode on a planarized surface of      the fluid film, and finally, removing the sacrificial layer. Furthermore,      performing the foregoing method planarizes the surface of a driving side      electrode, reduces fluctuations in the shape of a beam, and improves the      performance and the uniformity of the MEMS device. 
The present invention relates to a silicon pressure sensor that in need of      three strips of piezoresistors on each side and the manufacturing method      thereof; wherein, the impurity concentration of the piezoresistors are      about 10.sup.19-10.sup.20 cm.sup.-3 in order to reduce the influence of      temperature; the lead between the piezoresistors (namely the internal      connection lead) is a highly-doping interconnect (about 10.sup.21      cm.sup.-3) fabricated along the direction with minimum piezoresistance      coefficient; with regard to the connection circuit for connecting the      piezoresistors with the external Wheatstone bridge circuit (namely the      external connection circuit), of which one end near the inner side of the      membrane is also fabricated along the direction with minimum      piezoresistance coefficient, and another end of the lead near the edge of      the membrane is a interconnect that is perpendicular to the diaphragm, and      is connected out to the external circuit; with this structure, the four      resistors of the Whetstone bridge are balanced and symmetrized, thus the      zero offset caused by the variations in resistance of the bridge can be      reduced in order to simplify the signal-processing circuit. 
A method for making a MEMS device comprises forming a plurality of      micromechanical elements on a first substrate; forming circuitry and      electrodes on a second substrate, the first and second substrates      extending in a plane in X and Y directions; aligning the first and second      substrates in the X and Y directions and moving the substrates toward each      other in a Z direction and bonding the first and second substrates with a      gap therebetween in the Z direction to form an assembly; singulating the      assembly into assembly portions; and altering the gap for each assembly      portion. Another embodiment involves aligning the first and second      substrates in the X and Y directions and moving the substrates toward each      other in a Z direction and bonding the first and second substrates with a      gap therebetween in the Z direction to form an assembly; actuating and      testing the micromechanical elements of the assembly; and altering the gap      for each assembly. A further embodiment involves aligning the first and      second substrates in the X and Y directions and moving the substrates      toward each other in a Z direction and bonding the first and second      substrates with a gap therebetween in the Z direction to form an assembly;      wherein the micromechanical elements are actuated while bonding of the      substrates. 
In a method for authenticating a spare key for use with a vehicle in the      absence of the regular key, the spare key is provided with an      identification number that is transmitted to, and checked by, a central      station. The spare key is authenticated by an authorization signal sent      from the central station to the vehicle. 
Active pixel sensors for a high quality imager are fabricated using a      silicon-on-insulator (SOI) process by integrating the photodetectors on      the SOI substrate and forming pixel readout transistors on the SOI      thin-film. The technique can include forming silicon islands on a buried      insulator layer disposed on a silicon substrate and selectively etching      away the buried insulator layer over a region of the substrate to define a      photodetector area. Dopants of a first conductivity type are implanted to      form a signal node in the photodetector area and to form simultaneously      drain/source regions for a first transistor in at least a first one of the      silicon islands. Dopants of a second conductivity type are implanted to      form drain/source regions for a second transistor in at least a second one      of the silicon islands. Isolation rings around the photodetector also can      be formed when dopants of the second conductivity type are implanted.      Interconnections among the transistors and the photodetector are provided      to allow signals sensed by the photodetector to be read out via the      transistors formed on the silicon islands. 
A method of forming an integrated circuit including an organosilicate low      dielectric constant insulating layer (40) formed of a substitution group      depleted silicon oxide, such as an organosilicate glass, is disclosed.      Subsequent plasma processing has been observed to break bonds in such an      insulating layer (40), resulting in molecules at the surface of the film      with dangling bonds. Eventually, the damaged insulating layer (40)      includes silanol molecules, which results in a degraded film. The      disclosed method exposes the damaged insulating layer (40) to a thermally      or plasma activated fluorine, hydrogen, or nitrogen, which reacts with the      damaged molecules to form a passivated surface for the insulating layer      (40). 
A method of dicing a microelectronic device wafer comprising forming at      least one trench in at least one dicing street on the microelectronic      device wafer, wherein the trench prevents cracking and/or delamination      problems in the interconnect layer of the microelectronic device wafers      caused by a subsequent dicing by a wafer saw. 
A method capable of removing dangling bonds generated on a surface of a      photodiode is disclosed herein. The method includes steps of providing a      semiconductor substrate having a light sensing area and removing dangling      bonds at a surface of the light sensing area by diffusing hydrogen ions to      the surface of the light sensing area. 
The invention provides a nanostructure including an anodized film including      nanoholes. The anodized film is formed on a substrate having a surface      including at least one material selected from the group consisting of      semiconductors, noble metals, Mn, Fe, Co, Ni, Cu and carbon. The nanoholes      are cut completely through the anodized film from the surface of the      anodized film to the surface of the substrate. The nanoholes have a first      diameter at the surface of the anodized film and a second diameter at the      surface of the substrate. The nanoholes are characterized in that either a      constriction exists at a location between the surface of the anodized film      and the surface of the substrate, or the second diameter is greater than      the first diameter. 
A test device and method for detecting alignment of deep trench capacitors      and active areas in DRAM devices. A quadrilateral active area is disposed      in the scribe line region, with four equilaterals and four vertex angles.      Parallel first and second deep trench capacitors are disposed in the      quadrilateral active area. The first deep trench capacitor has a first      surface aligned with a second surface of the second deep trench capacitor.      The first and second vertex angles of the four vertex angles have a      diagonal line essentially perpendicular to the first and second surfaces.      The first and second vertex angles are a predetermined distance from the      first surface and the second surface respectively. 
Method for determining the location of a droplet of liquid placed on a      surface of a semiconductor wafer. In one embodiment the method includes      establishing first and second reference axes that intersect at a point and      superimposing the point over the droplet on the semiconductor wafer      surface. A first reference coordinate indicative of the position of the      point along the first axis and a second reference coordinate indicative of      the position of the point along the second axis are generated. 
A method for use in removing a portion of a semiconductor chip. The method      comprises etching a backside of the semiconductor chip, the frontside      including a first well with a first type of doping and a second well with      a second type of doping; monitoring a backside of the semiconductor chip      during etching; and determining when a first portion of the backside over      one of the first and second wells differs from a second portion of the      backside over the other of the first and second wells. A method for etch      endpoint detection includes etching a backside of a semiconductor chip,      the semiconductor chip having at least one doped well formed proximate a      frontside of the semiconductor chip; monitoring the backside of the      semiconductor chip during etching until at least one doped well becomes      visible; and stopping etching after the doped well becoming visible. 
A method for controlling stoichiometry of dielectric films, e.g., BST      films, preferably formed at low deposition temperatures. A deposition      process may use an adjustment in oxidizer flow and/or partial pressure,      the provision of a hydrogen-containing component, an adjustment in      hydrogen-containing component flow and/or partial pressure, an adjustment      in deposition pressure, and/or a modification of system component      parameters (e.g., heating a shower head or adjusting a distance between a      shower head of the deposition system and a wafer upon which the film is to      be deposited), to control the characteristics of the dielectric film,      e.g., film stoichiometry. 
Methods and devices are provided for the detection of bacterial agents such      agents as Bacillus anthracis and Clostridium botulinum with high      sensitivity and selectivity. More specifically, methods and devices are      based on a phosphorescence-emission detection system using      chelate-stabilized lanthanides (e.g, Eu(III), Tb(III), and Sm(III)) to      detect various spore-specific small organic molecules (e.g., dipicolinic      acid, diaminopimelic acid, n-acetlymuramic acid, and the like). By careful      selection of the chelating agent or ligand coordinated to the lanthanide,      both high specificity and selectivity can be obtained. Examples of      suitable and preferred sensor systems include      N-(2-hydroxyethyl)ethylenediaminetriacetic acid (HEDTA) and      N-(2-hydroxyethyl)iminodiacetic acid (HEIDA) combined with europium (III)      and/or terbium (III). The chelate-stabilized lanthanides react with the      spore-specific target molecules to form a characteristically      phosphorescent product which can then be detected. 
A laminated plate assembly in which the laminations in a stack are secured      together by means of one or more interlocks or tabs that project from the      uppermost lamination in the assembly through holes or slots in all the      other laminations in the assembly, or around the periphery of the other      laminations in the assembly, with each tab being bent or pressed against      the underside of the bottom lamination in the assembly. This secures all      the laminations in the stack together, much like a staple secures papers      in a stack together, allowing for additional handling and processing of      the laminated plate assembly without concern that the laminated plates in      the stack will become misaligned or even become removed from the stack. 
The present invention is directed to the radioligand compound, [.sup.35      S]-radiolabeled      (+)-N-[1 -(6-cyano-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-2(R)-naphthalenyl)-3,4-dihydro-4(R)-     hydoxyspiro[2H-1-benzopyran-2,4 -piperidin]-6-yl]methanesulfonamide. Also      within the scope of this invention is a method for identifying compounds      that bind to the I.sub.Kr channel, and may have antiarrhythmic activity. 
The invention is directed to purified and isolated novel human IL-1 epsilon      polypeptides, the nucleic acids encoding such polypeptides, processes for      production of recombinant forms of such polypeptides, antibodies generated      against these polypeptides, the use of such polypeptides in cellular and      immune reactions, the use of such polypeptides in screening for agonists      or antagonists of IL-1 epsilon activity, and kits comprising such      polypeptides. 
An analyte detection system utilizing a combination of fluorescent labels      for labeling particles and an analyte specific fluorescent analyte      detection dye. The particles contain a combination of fluorescent labels      for coding the particles and an analyte specific fluorescent dye. The      particles can be used to identify and quantify analytes in an analytical      sample by reaction of the analytical sample with the particles. An      analytical device can identify the particles according to the combination      of fluorescent labels. The device can then correlate the identified      particle with the analyte specific fluorescent analyte detection dye.      Multiple subpopulations of particles can be used to identify and quantify      multi-analytes in a single analytical sample. Near infrared (NIR)      fluorescent labels useful in the detection system are also provided. 
This invention relates to a modulator for use in gas chromatographic      analysis, adopted for alternatively trapping and releasing fractions of      solutes in a length of a capillary column within a chromatographic oven,      characterized in that it comprises at least one nozzle placed to spray at      least one jet in at least one corresponding place along said capillary      column length, said nozzle(s) being connected each to a source of liquid      CO.sub.2 via a related valve, and means for alternatively opening said      valve(s) for a predetermined time, to cause a jet of liquid CO.sub.2 to      impinge for said predetermined time on said column place and to leave the      oven atmosphere to heat said column place after said predetermined time.      The modulator can be used in a conventional GC system or in a two      dimensional GC system, for modulating the analytes fed to the second      capillary column. 
An improved, affordable, and rapid fluid mixture composition or process      monitor based on a thermal microstructure sensor. This is preferably      accomplished with a microbridge sensor design that has reduced      susceptibility to interfering components of the mixture. The sensor      described herein is therefore suitable for monitoring the concentration of      at least one component in a fluid mixture when the fluid mixture consists      of either (1) two components with very different thermal conductivities;      or (2) three or more components wherein at least one component has a very      different thermal conductivity and the effects of the other components can      be largely eliminated, especially if the component of interest is hydrogen      and the interference is from the variability in the concentrations of      CO.sub.2 and H.sub.2 O. 
An irreversible temperature indicating paint comprises 29 wt % to 37 wt %      cobalt zinc silicon blue phenacite and a frit, 35 wt % to 45 wt % acrylic      resin and 20 wt % to 30 wt % silicone resin excluding solvent. The solvent      comprises a mixture of 80% 1-methoxy-2-propanol and 20% dipropylene glycol      monomethyl ether. A particular irreversible temperature indicating paint      comprises 34.9 wt % cobalt zinc silicon blue phenacite and a frit, 42.5 wt      % acrylic resin and 22.6 wt % silicone resin excluding solvent. The      irreversible temperature indicating paint is used to determine the      temperatures to which various parts of turbine blades, turbine vanes or      other components are subjected in operation of a gas turbine engine. 
Site-specific recombinase based methods for making a recombinant adenoviral      genome, as well as kits for practicing the same and the recombinant      adenovirus vectors produced thereby, are provided. In the subject methods,      the subject genomes are prepared from donor and acceptor vectors that each      include at least one site recombinase recognition site, where in certain      preferred embodiments, one of the donor and acceptor vectors includes a      single recombinase recognition site while the other includes two      recombinase recognition sites. The acceptor vector includes an adenoviral      genome having an E region deletion. The donor vector includes an insertion      nucleic acid. In the subject methods, the donor and acceptor vectors are      combined in the presence of a recombinase to produce an adenoviral genome      that includes the insertion nucleic acid. The subject adenoviral genomes      find use in a variety of applications, including as vectors for use in a      variety of applications. 
The invention relates to a culture medium for culturing cells, in      particular human cells in a process for tissue engineering bone. The      medium comprises glucose, a mineral, a vitamin, a growth factor and      L-glutamine, wherein the L-glutamine is present in a concentration of at      least 300 mg/L. 
Antisense compounds, compositions and methods are provided for modulating      the expression of Survivin. The compositions comprise antisense compounds,      particularly antisense oligonucleotides, targeted to nucleic acids      encoding Survivin. Methods of using these compounds for modulation of      Survivin expression and for treatment of diseases associated with      expression of Survivin are provided. 
The subject invention pertains to antibodies that have binding specificity      for an antigen that is expressed on a subset of human, hematopoietic      mononuclear cells, including a hematopoietic stem cell population, but is      not expressed on normal, mature myeloid cells. In one embodiment, a      monoclonal antibody, MG1, is provided. This antibody is useful in methods      of isolating cell suspensions from human blood and marrow that can be      employed in bone marrow transplantation, genetic therapy, and in treating      other diseases of the hematopoietic system. Cell suspensions containing      MG1.sup.+ human hematopoietic cells are also provided, as well as      therapeutic methods employing the cell suspensions. The subject invention      also pertains to the novel antigen recognized by the subject antibodies. 
A planar coil includes a winding of N turns (N is an integer greater than      or equal to 2). Letting r.sub.i (n) be a radius of an inner circumference      of a winding portion at the n.sup.th turn (n is an integer greater than or      equal to 1 and less than or equal to N) from the inner side; r.sub.o (n)      be a radius of an outer circumference of the same; r.sub.min be a radius      of an inner circumference of the innermost winding portion; W.sub.total be      a difference between a radius of an outer circumference of the outermost      winding portion and the radius of the inner circumference of the innermost      winding portion; and D be a distance between winding portions at adjacent      turns, the r.sub.i (n) and r.sub.o (n) are determined so as to minimize a      value of A expressed by equation (1) when the r.sub.min, W.sub.totla and D      are given.        EQU1   
The invention provides methods and compositions for inducing and      maintaining tolerance to epitopes or antigens containing the epitopes. The      compositions include expression cassettes and vectors including DNA      sequences coding for a fusion immunoglobulin operably linked to      transcriptional and translational control regions functional in a      hemopoietic or lymphoid cell. The fusion immunoglobulin includes at least      one heterologous tolerogenic epitope at the N-terminus variable region of      the immunoglobulin. Cells stably transformed with the expression vector      are formed and used to produce fusion immunoglobulin. The invention also      provides methods for screening for novel tolerogenic epitopes and for      inducing and maintaining tolerance. The methods of the invention are      useful in the diagnosis and treatment of autoimmune or allergic immune      responses. 
The present invention provides a retroviral vector containing an      iduronate-2-sulfatase (IDS) gene but without selective marker gene,      constructed on, as a backbone, a minimum sized MLV-based retroviral vector      which does not contain any viral coding sequences but can still produce a      high viral titer and drive a high level of gene expression. 
Disclosed is an HSV-1-derived vector containing a DNA having a functional      LAT promoter, or operative fragment thereof, a deletion in both copies of      the HSV-1 LAT gene, and a deletion in both copies of the HSV-1 ICP34.5      gene. The HSV-1-derived vectors are non-neurovirulent and do not      spontaneously reactivate from latency, and they optionally contain a      functional HSV thymidine kinase gene, which can enhance the effectiveness      against cancer of drug treatment with gancyclovir or acyclovir.      Alternatively, the HSV-1-derived vectors contain at least one      transcriptional unit of a LAT promoter sequence operatively linked to a      nucleic acid encoding a preselected protein. In some embodiments, the      preselected protein is a nucleotide sequence encoding a polypeptide toxic      for cells expressing the vector, for example, human interferon-.gamma..      Also, disclosed are kits for expressing in a mammalian cell a gene      encoding a preselected protein, and mammalian cells containing the      HSV-derived vectors. 
A device for transferring cells present in fluid media is provided which is      especially useful for in vitro fertilization techniques and      intracytoplasmic sperm injection procedures. 
A method of enzymatic degradation of hydrolyzed nerve agents GB, GD, GF, VX      and O-isobutyl S-(diethyl-aminoethyl) methylphosphonothioate into      biodegradable methylphosphonate products using enzymes from bacteria that      can use for growth as the sole phosphorus source, low concentrations of      ethyl-isopropyl-, and pinacolyl methylphosphonates (EMPn, IMPn, and      PMPn-alkali treatment products of VX, GB, and GD, respectively). 
This invention relates to an isolated nucleic acid fragment encoding a      tetrahydrofolate metabolism enzyme. The invention also relates to the      construction of a chimeric gene encoding all or a portion of the      tetrahydrofolate metabolism enzyme, in sense or antisense orientation,      wherein expression of the chimeric gene results in production of altered      levels of the tetrahydrofolate metabolism enzyme in a transformed host      cell. 
Novel human polynucleotide and polypeptide sequences are disclosed that can      be used in therapeutic, diagnostic, and pharmacogenomic applications. 
A human urocortin-related peptide with significant sequence homology to the      CRF neuropeptide family was identified. A mouse cDNA was isolated from      whole brain poly (A+) RNA that encodes a predicted 38 amino acid peptide      protein designated herein as urocortin II. Both human URP and mouse Ucn II      are structurally related to the other known mammalian family members, CRF      and urocortin (Ucn). These peptides are involved in the regulation of the      hypothalamic-pituituary-adrenal axis under basal and stress conditions,      suggesting a similar role for URP and Ucn II. Synthesized Ucn-II and URP      peptide binds with higher affinity to CRF-R2 than to CRF-R1 Ucn II and      human URP appear to be involved in the regulation of body temperature and      appetite and may play a role in other stress related phenomenon. These      findings identify Ucn II and human URP as a new members of the CRF family      of neuropeptides, which are expressed centrally and bind to CRF-R2. 
The present application relates to nucleotide sequences which regulate the      biosynthesis of the flagella proteins Helicobacter pylori, to the proteins      encoded by these sequences and to aflagellate bacterial strains. The      invention also relates to the use of these means for detecting an      infection due to H.pylori or for protecting against such an infection. 
The invention relates to a process for separating viruses of different      sizes, with the virus-containing solution preferably being filtered      through one or more filter membranes. 
The invention concerns an inductive transmitter comprising two coils (1,      2), each with one core (3, 4). The two cores (3, 4) are capable of being      moved relative to each other. Two systems are integrated in the      transmitter that make it possible to simultaneously transmit data and/or      energy, as well as the position of the two cores (3, 4) relative to each      other. Finally, the transmission of data and/or energy takes place by      means of induction, and the determination of the position of the two cores      (3, 4) relative to each other takes place via a measurement of the      magnetic field that exists between the two coils (1, 2). 
A winter wheat-derived chitinase cDNA is provided which has a nucleotide      sequence corresponding to an amino acid sequence listed as SEQ. ID. No.1      in FIG. 1. Another winter wheat-derived chitinase cDNA is provided which      has a nucleotide sequence corresponding to an amino acid sequence listed      as SEQ. ID. No.2 in FIG. 2. Further, a winter wheat-derived chitinase cDNA      is provided which has a nucleotide sequence corresponding to an amino acid      sequence listed as SEQ. ID. No.3 in FIG. 3. Moreover, a method is provided      for isolating the above three kinds of chitinase cDNAs. 
A gene encoding a protein which is capable of regenerating luciferin by      acting on oxyluciferin and D-cysteine and thus regenerating luciferin; the      above gene originating in a luminous organism; a protein encoded by the      above gene; and a process for producing a protein capable of regenerating      luciferin characterized by comprising culturing a transformant or a      transductant having the above gene transferred therein and collecting the      protein capable of regenerating luciferin from the culture. Thus, the      protein capable of regenerating luciferin can be efficiently produced,      which brings about a great industrial advantage. 
The present invention relates to a novel methods and compositions for      producing hyper and hypo allergenic compositions. Specifically, the      present invention comprises neutralizing or reducing the ability of      T-cells to recognize epitopes and thus prevent sensitization of an      individual to the protein. Alternatively, T-cell epitopes are mutated to      produce increased immunogenic reactions. Moreover, naturally occuring      proteins are provided. 
The present invention provides a process for the preparation of      antimicrobial compound .beta.-keto aliphatic acid ester, a novel,      aliphatic, fatty acid derivative from Bacillus sp. IICT-001. 
The present invention provides isolated polynucleotides containing a      polynucleotide sequence which is:     a) polynucleotide which is identical to the extent of at least 70% to a      polynucleotide which codes for a polypeptide which comprises the amino      acid sequence of SEQ ID No. 2, or     b) polynucleotide which codes for a polypeptide which comprises an amino      acid sequence which is identical to the extent of at least 70% to the      amino acid sequence of SEQ ID No. 2, or     c) polynucleotide which is complementary to the polynucleotides of a) or      b), or     d) polynucleotide comprising at least 15 successive nucleotides of the      polynucleotide sequence of a), b) or c), and a process for the fermentative preparation of L-amino acids using      coryneform bacteria in which at least the ccpA1 gene is present in      attenuated form, and the use of the polynucleotide sequences as      hybridization probes. 
DNA is produced by preparing oligomers having partial sequences selected      according to a specific scheme based on a target nucleotide sequence, and      performing PCR using two of single strand DNAs base-paired at their 3       ends as primers and templates to prepare DNA, in a specific manner. 
Generic overproduction host cells can be used to produce any polyketide and      obviate the need for performing conventional strain improvement. 
Peptide antigens corresponding to amino acid residues 2-12, 1-12, 2-15 and      1-15 of parathyroid hormone (PTH), antibodies having an affinity to such      peptide antigens and methods of producing the same. Such antigens,      antibodies and methods producing the same according to the present      invention are useful in determining bioactive intact PTH levels in serum,      plasma, and/or cell culture media. Such antibodies further possess a high      degree of species cross-reactivity, but substantially mitigated      cross-reactivity to non-whole PTH peptide fragments and little to no      recognition of the first amino acid residue of PTH. 
Cell membranes containing glycolipid-enriched membrane (GEM) and      non-glycolipid-enriched membrane (non-GEM) domains are targeted using      fusion proteins that are anchored in the cell membrane. Fusion proteins to      target GEM (or non-GEM) domains are comprised of a selected fluorescent      polypeptide, a membrane-targeting sequence of p56.sup.Lck (or      pp60.sup.c-Src for non-GEM domains) and a linker inserted between the      polypeptide and the membrane targeting sequence. Localization of fusion      proteins in GEM and non-GEM domains is assessed using techniques including      confocal microscopy, fluorescence-based techniques, and membrane      fractionation. Using these techniques, compounds are screened for their      effect on GEM and non-GEM domains of live cells. These fusion proteins      therefore represent useful tools for studying subcellular trafficking and      the function of discrete compartments in the plasma membrane. 
Isolated ligands, DNAs encoding such ligands, and pharmaceutical      compositions made therefrom, are disclosed. The isolated ligands can be      used to regulate an immune response. The ligands are also useful in      screening for inhibitors thereof. 
A multiple layer inductor has a first spiral conductive pattern disposed on      a first surface; a second spiral conductive pattern disposed on a second      surface; a continuing interconnection coupled to the first and second      spiral conductive patterns; an interface coupled to the first and second      spiral conductive patterns; and a conductive shield pattern disposed on a      third surface that is adjacent to the second surface. The interface      includes a first terminal disposed on the first surface that is coupled to      the first spiral conductive pattern. The interface also includes a second      terminal that is disposed on the first surface and coupled to said second      spiral conductive pattern. 
The present invention relates to methods and compositions for the      prevention and treatment of cancer, inflammatory diseases and disorders or      deficiencies of the immune system. The methods of the invention comprise      administering a CD40 binding protein that potentiates the binding of CD40      to CD40 ligand. 
Disclosed are methods for producing fusion proteins with the heterodimeric      cytokine, interleukin-12. In order to insure that the proper ratio of      fused and non-fused subunits are obtained in the fusion protein, a      specific stepwise approach to genetic engineering is used. This consists      of first expressing the non-fused p40 IL-12 subunit in a production cell      line, followed by or simultaneously expressing in the same cell, a second      recombinant fusion protein consisting of the fused polypeptide linked by a      peptide bond to the p35 subunit of IL-12. Molecules containing the p35      fusion protein cannot be secreted from the transfected mammalian cell      without first complexing in a one to one ratio with the p40 subunit, thus      ensuring the production of active heterodimeric fusion proteins. 
A KiSS-1 peptide or a salt thereof can be produced in a large scale by      subjecting a fusion protein or peptide in which a KiSS-1 peptide is      ligated to the N-terminal of a protein or peptide having cysteine at the      N-terminal, to the reaction of cleaving the peptide bond on the amino acid      side of the cysteine residue. 
A novel gene (designated PHOR-1) that is highly overdressed in prostate and      other cancers and its encoded protein are described. PHOR-1 is a G      protein-coupled receptor with homology to receptors involved in olfaction.      PHOR-1 in normal human tissues is restricted to prostate, and this gene is      highly over-expressed in prostate cancer as well as in cancers of the      kidney, uterus, cervix, stomach and rectum. Consequently, PHOR-1 provides      a diagnostic and/or therapeutic target for prostate cancer. 
The present invention relates to pullulanase variants, wherein the variants      have improved properties, for example, altered pH optimum, improved      thermostability, altered substrate specificity, increased specific      activity or altered cleavage pattern. The present invention also relates      to methods of making pullulanase variants having at least one altered      property based on the three-dimensional structure of a parent pullulanase. 
isolated coding sequences and to the protein sequences they code for. This      invention is directed to three coding sequence of the BRCA1 gene. The      three coding sequences, BRCA1.sup.(omi1), BRCA1.sup.(omi2), and      BRCA1.sup.(omi3) and their frequencies of occurrence are provided together      with the protein sequences they code for. Another aspect of this invention      is a method of determining the consensus sequence for any gene. Another      aspect of the invention is a method of identifying an individual having an      increased genetic susceptibility to breast or ovarian cancer because they      have inherited a causative mutation in their BRCA1 gene. This invention is      also related to a method of performing gene therapy with any of the      isolated BRCA1 coding sequences. 
The invention provides MurC polypeptides and polynucleotides encoding MurC      polypeptides and methods for producing such polypeptides by recombinant      techniques. Also provided are methods for utilizing MurC polypeptides to      screen for antibacterial compounds. 
A process is provided for the production of an antibody or a fragment or      functionalized fragment thereof using a transformed lower eukaryotic host      containing an expressible DNA sequence encoding the antibody or      (functionalized) fragment thereof, wherein the antibody or      (functionalized) fragment thereof is derived from a heavy chain      immunoglobulin of Camelidae and is devoid of light chains, and wherein the      lower eukaryotic host is a mould, preferably belonging to the genera      Aspergillus or Trichoderma, or a yeast, preferably belonging to the yeast      genera Saccharomyces, Kluyveromyces, Hansenula, or Pichia. The heavy chain      fragment can contain at least the whole variable domain. A complementary      determining region (CDR) different from the CDR belonging to the natural      antibody ex Camelidae can be grafted on the framework of the variable      domain of the heavy chain immunoglobulin. The catalytic antibodies can be      raised in Camelidae against transition state molecules. The functionalized      antibody or fragment thereof can comprise a fusion protein of both heavy      chain immunoglobulin from Camelidae or a fragment thereof and another      polypeptide, e.g., an enzyme, preferably an oxido-reductase. Also provided      are new products obtainable by a process as described, and compositions      containing a product produced by a process as described, which composition      may contain a new product as provided. 
Therefore, another aspect of the invention is a method for determining      whether a compound or composition is a regulator of intracellular      glucocorticoid activity in adipose tissue comprising determining whether      said compound or composition inhibits reductase activity of      11-Beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase 1 (11-Beta HSD1) in said tissue. 
The present invention relates to compounds that inhibit the activity of the      proteasome or the production of proteasomal proteins and promote the      production of hair follicles and are thus useful in stimulating hair      growth, including hair density, in subject where this is desirable. 
An electrical coil has a coil body, at least one face-end flange of the      coil body, at least one mount for coil wire on the face-end flange, and      one tonguelike insulation displacement contact for contacting the coil      wire in the mount. Two intersecting slots of different depth are embodied      on the mount, and the coil wire rests on the bottom of the slot of lesser      depth, while the tonguelike insulation displacement contact is received in      the slot of greater depth. Since the slot of lesser depth, in the region      of its bottom, has a width which is less than the diameter of the coil      wire, the coil wire is firmly clamped in the mount. The electrical coil is      particularly useful for use in magnet valves. 
A method of determining the coagulation potential of a plasma sample be      pre-incubating the plasma sample with a reagent such that endogenous      protein C in the plasma is at least partially converted into activated      protein C by the reagent, adding factor Xa which is progressively      inactivated by antithrombin III/heparin cofactor 2 during the      preincubation, adding an exogenous reagent which activates factor X to Xa      or prothrombin to thrombin in a factor V-dependent manner, monitoring a      reaction indicative of the rate of coagulation of the plasma sample,      comparing that rate of coagulation control, or the equivalent rate      determined for an individual without impaired coagulation control, or the      equivalent rate determined for the plasma sample in the absence of protein      C activator, and determining the coagulation potential of the plasma      sample from one or other of the compairsons. 
The present invention relates to new CRP immunoassay compositions. The      compositions include a low affinity anti-human CRP monoclonal antibody,      and an antiidiotypic antibody raised against it. The invention further      provides a method for obtaining antiidiotypic monoclonal antibody      populations directed to an antibody that is specific for a high      concentration, high molecular weight target antigen. 
The present invention provides methods for identifying test substances that      bind to the .alpha.2.delta. subunit of a calcium channel. 
Presented is a method to detect precancerous states in mammalian cell and      tissue samples comprising incubating a sample with solubilized 5, 10, 15,      20-tetrakis (carboxyphenyl) porphine (TCPP), measuring TCPP fluorescence      in the sample, and categorizing the sample as non-cancerous, precancerous      or cancerous based on TCPP fluorescence, as correlated with the respective      states of the cells. In conjunction with the method a detection, a novel      and more efficient method of solubilizing TCPP is presented, as well as a      composition comprising TCPP solubilized by this method. 
The present invention provides an accurate method to identify and quantify      the Borrelia burgdorferi (Bb) antigen, the cause of Lyme Disease, in a      sample of whole blood, body tissues and fluids of a subject, a human or      animal subject. The qualitative method provides a quick, easy and accurate      method of detection of the Bb antigen. The quantitative method allows for      monitoring of treatment in conjunction with severity of clinical signs and      symptoms. 
The present invention provides a human lysophospholipase (NHLP) and      polynucleotides which identify and encode NHLP. The invention also      provides expression vectors, host cells, agonists, antibodies and      antagonists. In addition, the invention provides methods for producing      NHLP and for treating or preventing disorders associated with expression      of NHLP. 
Oligonucleotide molecules labeled with a plurality of fluorophores of one      or more types embedded in the backbone of said oligonucleotide, wherein at      least one of said fluorophores is not located at either the 3  or 5       terminus of said oligonucleotide. The invention further provide methods      for using the subject labeled oligonucleotides in detecting biological      molecules, sequencing DNA molecules and particularly generating cDNA      molecules for characterizing the differential expression of genes. 
Methods, compositions and articles of manufacture for assaying a sample for      an amplification product from a target polynucleotide are provided. An      amplification reaction is used to produce the amplification product from      the target polynucleotide so that it can be used to indirectly assay the      sample for the target polynucleotide. A sample suspected of containing the      target polynucleotide is contacted with first and second primers to      amplify the target polynucleotide; the first primer comprises a tag      sequence, the complement of which is formed on the opposite strand during      amplification and is referred to as a capture sequence. That opposite      strand is referred to as a second primer extension product or an      amplification product, and comprises a label. A capture probe is provided      that is conjugated to a substrate and can bind to the capture sequence to      form an amplification product detection complex. Methods of detecting the      amplification product thus produced are also provided, as are      amplification product assay arrays, along with methods of forming the      same. The methods are particularly useful in multiplex settings where a      plurality of target polynucleotides are to be assayed. Kits comprising      reagents for performing such methods are also provided. 
Covalently bound non-polar tags are used to increase the retention times of      double stranded polynucleotides on Matched Ion Polynucleotide      Chromatography (MIPC) columns. In doing so, separations of DNA mixture      components is improved. Additionally, when the non-polar tags are      fluorophores, detection limits are also greatly reduced. Strategically      tagged primers are used in conduction with PCR to produce DNA fragments      having specifically tagged strands. This improves mutation detection by      MIPC in several ways. Separations are improved, detection sensitivity is      enhanced, and non-stoichiometric addition of wild type DNA prior to      hybridization is now possible since only tagged fragments will be observed      with a fluorescence detector. Non-polar tags are also used as a novel      alternative to G-C clamping during MIPC under partially denaturing      conditions. Reversible DNA binding dyes, such as DNA intercalator dyes and      DNA groove binding dyes, are used to reduce the detection limit of      polynucleotides separated by MIPC. 
The invention provides human protein transport molecules (PTAM) and      polynucleotides which identify and encode PTAM. The invention also      provides expression vectors, host cells, antibodies, agonists, and      antagonists. The invention also provides methods for diagnosing, treating,      or preventing disorders associated with expression of PTAM. 

An inductor includes a core, a coil disposed about the core, and a shield.      The shield and the core are connected to each other so that a closed      magnetic loop is formed. The core may be a single piece or made up of a      pair of core segments. The shield may include two halves or portions or      may include a cover with a base. The core may be unitary with the shield      at one or both ends thereof. In embodiments where the shield includes two      portions, the portions may have substantially identical geometry and      dimensions. 
The present invention provides a method for diagnosing Bloom s syndrome      (BS) as well as determining whether a subject is a carrier of a mutated      BLM gene. The present invention also provides one or more single-stranded      nucleic acid probes and antibodies which may be formulated in kits, and      used for diagnosing BS or determining whether a human subject is a carrier      of a mutated BLM gene. In addition, the present invention provides a      method for treating or preventing the onset of BS in a subject in need of      such treatment or prevention, as well as vectors and stem cells useful for      such treatment or prevention. The present invention also provides a      purified and isolated nucleic acid encoding an enzymatically active BLM      protein, a vector comprising this nucleic acid, a cell stably transformed      with this vector, as well as a method for producing recombinant,      enzymatically active BLM protein. A purified, enzymatically active BLM      protein is also provided by the present invention. Finally, the present      invention provides a vector, an embryonic stem cell, and a non-human,      transgenic animal, each of which comprises a mutated BLM gene, as well as      a method for producing the non-human, transgenic animal. 
The present invention relates to reporter gene constructs encoding a      cytoplasmic form of chitobiase (N,N -diacetylchitobiase) and methods of      using these reporter gene constructs. The use of a cytoplasmic form of      chitobiase as a reporter enzyme is generally applicable to the study of      gene expression in organisms which do not contain      N-acetyl-.beta.-D-glucosaminidases. 
This invention provides a method for identifying one or more complexes from      a library of complexes, wherein said complex or complexes are selected for      their ability to perform a preselected or desired function on a target      molecule or by having a pre-selected structure, each complex being      designated a morphatide, said method comprising: (a) preparing a library      of morphatides, comprised of: (i) a scaffolding component selected from      the group consisting of nucleic acid, nucleic acid like molecule or      nucleic acid analog having one or more regions of randomized sequence;      (ii) one or more linker components; and (iii) one or more agent molecules      or type of agent molecules, linked to the scaffolding component by one or      more type of linker components; and (b)screening the library of      morphatides prepared in step (a) by contacting, binding, or associating      the morphatides with one or more suitable target molecules upon which a      morphatide performs a preselected or desired function or to which a      morphatide binds or associates through a pre-selected structure of said      morphatide under conditions permitting said morphatide to perform said      preselected or desired function on said target molecules or permitting      said morphatide to bind or associate with said target molecules through      the preselected structure; (c) separating the morphatides performing the      preselected or desired function or binding or associating through the      preselected structure, from the library of morphatides and target      molecules; thereby identifying one or more complexes from a library of      complexes, wherein said complex or complexes are selected for their      ability to perform a preselected or desired function on a target molecule      or by having a pre-selected structure. 
Antigenically reactive regions of the Hepatitis A virus polyprotein are      provided. These antigenically reactive regions, and polypeptides and      proteins comprising these antigenically reactive regions, provide a      sensitive and specific immunological hepatitis A virus detection assay.      The specific use of regions derived from the nonstructural regions of the      polypeptide provides the basis for determining immunity derived from prior      or present infection by the Hepatitis A virus and allows one to      distinguish between an immunological response derived from infection and      that derived from immunization. 
Pharmaceutical compositions comprising the HIV protein vpr or nucleic acid      molecule encoding vpr are disclosed. Also disclosed are methods of      treating patients suffering from diseases characterized by      hyperproliferating undifferentiated cells such as cancer by administering      such compositions. Methods of identifying compounds which have anti-HIV      activity are disclosed, in particular, methods of identifying compounds      which modulate the activity of vpr and of identifying compounds which      inhibit vpr binding to the HIV protein gag. 
Instead of immersing human reproductive cells in a single culture medium      throughout the various procedures used in IVF, a process is provided by      which the reproductive cells may be moved through a sequence of distinct      culture media as the various IVF procedures are carried out. In one      implementation, the culture media specifically formulated to provide a      physical environment similar to that found within the female reproductive      tract and conducive to growth and development of human reproductive cells      during the various stages of the IVF process. In this regard, specifically      formulated culture media can be applied to support the reproductive cells      in one or more of the following procedures: oocyte retrieval and handling;      oocyte maturation; ordinary fertilization; oocyte, zygote and embryo      examination and biopsy; embryonic development to the eight-cell stage;      embryonic development to the blastocyst stage; embryo transfer; and      cryopreservation. 
A method for processing a silver halide color photographic material      comprising subjecting the color photographic material to processing which      comprises the steps of color developing, fixing, rinsing and drying after      the rinsing, wherein a rinsing solution used in the rinsing step comprises      at least one compound represented by the following formula (I) and is a      processing solution comprising none of an aldehyde compound, an aldehyde      releasing compound and a hexamethylenetetramine derivative; and in the      drying step, the drying temperature is 70.degree. C. or more, and the      drying time is 70 seconds or less: wherein R represents an alkyl group having from 8 to 12 carbon atoms, n is      an integer of from 10 to 30, and n/(the carbon number of R) is from 1.2 to      4.0. 
A method of processing photographic color papers is carried out using a      photographic bleach-fixing composition in a bleach-fixing step that is      carried out for less than 60 seconds. The bleach-fixing composition      comprises certain aliphatic or aromatic sulfur-containing compounds that      include a --N.dbd.C(SH)-- group. The bleach-fixing composition can be      prepared from a two-part bleach-fixing kit having two solutions that can      be added directly to a processing chamber or premixed to form a      replenisher solution. 
At least one of a nucleus forming process, a nucleus growing process, a      chemical sensitizing process, and a spectral sensitizing process for      producing a silver halide photographic emulsion is performed by using a      microreactor. A minute region of the microreactor is used to precisely      perform a reaction of nucleus formation. A condition under which host      grains are allowed to react with newly supplied silver halide nuclei is      made uniform to cause uniform crystal growth. A predetermined quantity of      molecules for chemical sensitization is doped in a crystal lattice of a      nucleus of silver halide to effect a sensitizing process. Alternatively, a      spectral sensitizing process in which a single molecular layer of a      spectral sensitizer is uniformly adsorbed on a silver halide nucleus grain      surface is securely carried out. 
A process for producing a spectrally sensitized silver halide photographic      emulsion having high sensitivity. A process for producing a silver halide      photographic emulsion comprising as a sensitizing dye at least one      connection dye having two or more chromophores connected through a      covalent bond, the process comprising adding said connection dye to a      silver halide photographic emulsion and allowing at least one chromophore      out of a plurality of chromophores in the molecule of the connection dye      to change in the adsorption strength to a silver halide grain; and a      process for producing a silver halide photographic emulsion comprising a      silver halide grain having adsorbed on the surface thereof a sensitizing      dye in multiple layers, the process comprising adding one or a plural of      sensitizing dye(s) to said silver halide emulsion and allowing at least      one sensitizing dye out of added sensitizing dyes to change in the      adsorption strength to a silver halide grain. 
A superconductive magnet device comprises a pair of oppositely disposed      superconductive bodies in which annular superconductive coils are      accommodated, and fine chip-shaped ferromagnetic shims disposed on a      surface of the pair of superconductive magnet bodies so as to improve      uniformity of magnetic field in a uniform magnetic field space generated      in the proximity of the center between the superconductive magnet bodies,      wherein ring-shaped ferromagnetic shims are disposed concentrically with      the center of annular superconductive coils on the surface of the      superconductive magnet bodies. 
A method is provided that is suitable fur use in processing a digitally      exposed translucent or transparent display material. The method includes      exposing a translucent or transparent material to light emitted from a      light source. The material contains at least one silver halide having a      silver content of at least about 1 g/m.sup.2 based on the area of the      material. The method also includes contacting the material with a color      developer solution comprising at least one color developing agent and a      compound having the following formula (I):        STR1   in which each of a and b independently represents 1 to 4, and in which each      of X and Y independently represents a hydrogen, sodium or potassium atom.      The duration of the step (b) is from about 60 to about 180 seconds. 
A chemically amplified negative photoresist composition is used for the      formation of thick films having a thickness of 20 to 150 .mu.m and      includes (A) an alkali-soluble resin, (B) a compound which generates an      acid upon irradiation with active light or radiant ray, and (C) a compound      which serves as a crosslinking agent in the presence of an acid. The      alkali-soluble resin (A) includes (a1) a novolak resin having a weight      average molecular weight of from 5000 to 10000, and (a2) a polymer      containing at least a hydroxystyrene constitutional unit and having a      weight average molecular weight of less than or equal to 5000. 
A system and related process to enable control of photolithographic pattern      features on a structure having one or more severe non-flat topologies. The      system includes an analysis of the Depth of Focus associated with      photolithographic equipment and a photoresist film applied to the      structure. From that determination a range of layout dimension of the      topologies is identified accordingly and incorporated into the fabrication      of such topologies. A conformal layer of material is then applied to the      formed structure including the determined topologies to effectively      substantially close up the topologies prior to application of the      photoresist film. The system is suitable for use with any structure having      severe topologies and photolithographic limitations including, for      example, in the fabrication of micro-electro mechanical systems. 
A system and method for forming servo patterns on magnetic media is      disclosed. A magnetic film coated with a layer of polystyrene is stamped      with a nickel stamper reproducing the negative image of the stamped      pattern on the polystyrene. Ions are then accelerated towards the surface      of the polystyrene, which stopps the ions in the areas where the      polystyrene is thick and allows the ions to penetrate through to the      magnetic layer in the areas where the polystyrene is thin. The ions, which      penetrate through to the magnetic layer, interact with the magnetic layer      altering the magnetic layer s structure reducing its coercivity (Hc) and      remnant moment (Mrt). This reproduces the stamped polystyrene pattern on      the magnetic layer. The polystyrene is then removed by oxygen plasma      etching the surface leaving behind a patterned magnetic media. 
Various imaging members including lithographic imaging members (such as      printing plates) have an aqueous-based imaging layer applied to a support.      Directly over the imaging layer is a protective layer that is applied as a      non-aqueous inverse emulsion comprising highly hydrophilic,      water-swellable microgel particles dispersed in a water-immiscible organic      solvent. This protective layer provides physical durability but it is      still readily removed during or after imaging with water or fountain      solutions. 
